what's up everyone welcome to the WAN
show Luke I can't believe it finally
happened I'm in the news for something
positive for a good reason yay I will
say reading just the beginning of the
sentence when I learned that it happened
of like lonus is in the news again I was
like Luke It's Not Me Under Fire this
week but no it was good it's everyone
else you know we've both been in the
news for the same reason in the same
country yeah with you it was the hotel
thing anyway we're going to be talking
about the aftermath of the random
Taiwanese Mall PC including apparently
there have been interviews with the
shopkeeper and with the kid who won it
that's pretty cool I've been
sequestering myself so I haven't heard
too much about it but we're going to be
looking at some of the information about
it on the show this week what else we
got this week uh o there were some major
departures from donut media which um I
figured there I figured there was some
stuff we could talk about there there's
a lot of parallels between our our
journey and donut media's Journey what
else we got uh I I I I I definitely have
two things that are ready to go uh live
service games use fake Randomness and
fake Facebook friends and fake other
friends to manipulate players into
spending money literally they put their
like gullibility crosshairs on you
literally they're like wow that person's
profitable they'll buy anything yeah
speaking of which we've got a really
important LTT store.com present it that
way oh um okay we'll get to it later
they'll buy anything and then okay but
this is really cool my goodness you
don't even know what it is yet if you
want something that isn't cool the
internet archive lost in court and
Paramount deletes two decades of
Internet history oh yeah yeah
[Music]
oh the show is brought to you by
ag1 HRS and updf also uh don't forget
about our chair partner secret lab hey
nice you still can't read mine but you
can read his yeah nice yeah okay why
don't we jump right into our first topic
that was so much fun shooting that video
two weeks ago or whenever it was when I
was over in Taiwan uh where where is our
oh do we not is it not like in the dock
the video itself yeah no oh no no I
don't mean the video I mean oh yeah
there we go okay Taiwanese media appears
to have picked up in a big way the video
that we recorded in guanga digital Plaza
um super cool place we visited a random
if you haven't seen it we visited just a
random computer shop in the mall we made
our decision based on who had the
coolest PC in front of it it was pretty
cool so it's a good choice and we asked
them to build us a PC for
$5,000 to see what they would come back
with and how it compared to an equally
priced system from main gear also with
Hardline liquid cooling the system they
gave us was
absolutely sick like the Builder
freaking nailed it in pretty much every
way the only thing that I would say that
they didn't quite get right was the
memory configuration and I'm very
disappointed about this because Gary
from the lab pointed out that in the
video when I'm troubleshooting the uh
the memory speed that it won't apply
Expo we apparently cut out the part
where I said hey AMD has trouble running
four dims at maximum speed so I doubt
Expo is going to work so a number of
people thought that I didn't understand
what the issue was um I did but it
wasn't really the point of the video the
point of the video was that the solution
was to pull out two sticks or ideally
the solution would have been to
configure the system if you really want
64 gigs of memory with a 2X 32 gig kit
in the first place so I stand by
everything I said in the video I still
dock some marks for that because I would
not want to run a ryzen 7000 system at
3600 megat transfers per second but it's
also it's it's not that it was broken
it's just just that there was a
performance penalty to configuring it
that way everything else about the
system dude did you watch the video by
any chance I watched the whole thing
actually it was great did you see how he
packed the GPU original cooler he put
every screw back in exactly the place it
would need to be so that when it's time
to reassemble that thing easy I'm ready
to do it I have never seen that before
in
fact I'm trying to think back cuz we
secret shopped some competitors like way
back in the day when I was at NC um and
we got some water cooled systems in I
don't even think they included the
original
coolers like yeah I doubt it even even
like all the accessories and manuals and
stuff like that you can't take that for
granted when you buy a fully integrated
system necessarily but he included
everything just like the system would
have been if I was an Enthusiast custom
builder and I built the system myself
and I had all the pieces that came with
it I was so so impressed by the build uh
rather than trying to bring the PC back
to Canada though which would have been a
chore uh we decided to give it away to
the first person that recognized us on
the street which wound up being a
Taiwanese Junior High student at least
one media Source did interview him and
he said that in addition to gaming he
wants to use the new computer to edit
videos and experiment with llms uh this
wasn't in the video because we had
wrapped by that point uh but we went to
the bakery that we were headed to and
then on our way back he was still on the
corner and his mom was there and she
made an offhand remark about how he
better use it for studying
which I thought was the funniest thing
ever not just gaming you also better use
it for so good of course it's a classic
mom comment one of the Shop's social
media accounts posted about video saying
it was around 2 a.m. so I got him
back that's okay if you watch the video
that's actually a fun close to Loop
right there he uh because there was such
a high level of personalized service and
I don't know what it is but like here in
the Western in in in Western culture I
don't actually like giving my phone
number to people when they ask for it
cuz hotels will ask for your phone
number and then they'll like text you
incessantly and like I'm worried they'll
send me offers and stuff yeah whereas
with this guy I didn't even mind he's
like yeah I'll add you online which
means he doesn't need to have my phone
number it's just like a social social
media you could just delete them yeah
it's just it's just like a messaging app
and the the conversation was so smooth
smooth and just I really for transaction
yeah it didn't feel skey it just felt
like it didn't feel like he was
collecting my data he asked you if you
opened it and set it up because he's
probably curious like are you happy with
it does it work those types of things
that's what I was getting to because he
had me on on an instant messaging app he
messaged me at 2:30 in the morning the
night that I took the night that I took
delivery of the system being like hey
like is it going great and I'm like
brother it's 2:30 in the morning to be
fair and I think you pointed this out in
the video as well if I bought that
system on that day I would probably
still be up at 2:30 and I did tell him I
don't know if this made it into the cut
but I did tell him I have had like a
gaming event this weekend and that's why
I like needed it this weekend like he
put on the he put on the gas to get that
system to me because I mean Ivon asked
him I don't know if this made it into
the cut either but yeah he's building
like three four five systems a day in
there and that system is not the kind of
system that you build four of them in a
day I don't I don't care what kind of PC
Building God you are like that that
takes time you could build maybe a
couple of those in a day if you're
really good um any anyway so I got him
back because uh this is this is from the
shops post it was around 2 a.m. and
suddenly I was bombarded with phone
notifications I wondered what Earth
shattering event had happened oh God it
turns out that guy I met is a huge deal
I even apologized to him and said I
didn't recognize him oh did he send you
another message online yeah yeah I'll
bring it up I'll bring it up it's so
funny I didn't know this part that's
funny yeah know here's what uh here's
what he said I mean I mean I don't I
don't care man like it doesn't I I don't
I don't I don't need the ego stroking
well part of part of it is that video
wouldn't have worked if he did recognize
you oh I'm so glad so it's actually
great that he didn't recognize you yeah
no I I and again that didn't make it
into the cut but I I talked about that I
talked about how important it was and
how much fun it was being able to go in
cognito again for a change like it is it
ruins everything yeah when any of this
type of content that we try to do is
rough because if people are just like
hey lonus well then you're not seeing
what the shopping experience is supposed
to be you're seeing how that doesn't
mean to hide it by the way yeah you're
because often we can tell anyways yeah
and it's it's the whole point is that
it's supposed to be an authentic
shopping experience yes and so it was it
was really fun to be able to go
Incognito man it was great um anyway
hold on uh so so oh yeah so I I did
message him after I took delivery and I
said
um uh the system's great I made a review
video and I'm going to upload it in a
week or two but I didn't tell him who I
was I didn't give him any context for it
he goes oh really can you send it to me
I want to post it on my Facebook
um for and the number of like conspiracy
theories in the comments about how like
oh fake fake fake
fake your bull your your
detector is not working so you need to
recalibrate the I think there was that
many of those comments there was there
there's there's enough and I'm speaking
to those people just chill you know just
relax um so I go okay I'll send it when
I'm done he goes thanks dude I go my
video's ready I send it to him he go he
goes dude dude 100 people is
telling me this sorry that I really
didn't recognize you and I go no it's
better that way thanks for the amazing
system you made the young man who won it
very happy everyone is saying WTF man
you don't know
him and he said thanks for your trust
which I thought was really cool because
he really did in good faith build me the
best system for my money it K you know I
didn't even compare to like what I could
have gotten just buying the parts on new
EG and assembling it myself because I
don't even really feel like I have
to knowing sort of approximate no that
was a good value it was a good value and
if they took a little bit of profit
margin then they should I know a few
people that live in Taiwan and I've
heard that it's actually pretty common
to have people like that build your
system because they they warranty it
really well right and he even said in
his video like yeah my warranty is a
year or whatever but you have problems
in two or three years just talk to me
awesome aome super cool trust me bro
guarantee and you know what I actually
trust him yeah because I've said I've
said a hundred times a warranty is only
as good as the willingness to fulfill it
that is just a fact and even though he
seemed legitimately confused when I
asked for an
invoice I'm not even kidding he's like
oh yeah I gu he literally pulled out a
pen in paper and just like wrote it to
write me an invoice for the system like
it wasn't even itemized or anything I'm
like
you obviously have no system for this
and this is like not a thing you do very
clearly um but frankly just based on the
interaction my level of trust with him
is extremely high and I believe that if
that young man who won the system were
to show up there and like say hey
there's a problem with this I'm sure he
would deal with it yeah 100% uh chewy by
the way said that he did follow through
he posted on his
Facebook nice and um Buddy says okay
yeah um okay I hope you get some really
great business from this he goes thanks
so much I hope it isn't too late to
subscribe to you
now yeah of course not have a good night
he goes keep in touch if you need me
I'll be here trust me bro by the way can
I cut part of your video I was thinking
to post on Tik Tok so oh you guys have
to go check out his Tik Tok I guess he's
he's going to do that I forgot about
that yeah what is it I basically just
said sure just add some of your own
thoughts you know reaction video go for
it um and then he goes yeah hey the news
wants to wants to put it in on TV is
that okay and I'm like yeah sure so um
anyway I apologize to him after watching
the video I'm grateful he agreed with me
on how particular I am about the product
I did agree and man I don't
think I I have built some good systems
myself I've seen some really nice
showcase builds at trade shows and stuff
like that I've hung out with he could
absolutely do trade show quality builds
I've hung out with very experienced you
know like uh like B and Rob from BS mods
and stuff like that did I say bod and
Rob I don't know Bob and Rod from BS
mods I think that his Bend Precision was
on par or better than the best that I've
ever seen and it was it's little details
that
end crazy was Peak probably the only
person that I would say hands down could
probably do better would be Charles from
murderbox um and Charles would probably
take four days to do the one bit no
offense Charles if you're watching this
I love you man but you know that what
I'm saying is
true so I just I just have so much
respect but yeah he goes the P the pipes
must be neat and tidy uh Taiwanese media
described the video as an excellent
representation of the country and its
dedication to the world of technology
and I mean honestly
speaking I it's not like I've actually
lived in Taiwan but I've definitely
spent a not insignificant amount of time
there like overall I've been there for
probably like somewhere between a month
and a couple of months uh and I just
have nothing negative to say I I I just
I I love the people I I I just I love
Taiwan it's a it's a beautiful country
um super super awesome and it was
because of my past experiences in Taiwan
do you remember the first year we went
when we left a tip in that
restaurant yeah and didn't didn't they
try to give it back to you because they
thought you forgot it or something they
didn't just try to give it back the lady
in this just hole in the wall mom and po
restaurant that we had no idea what it
was and it was not a significant amount
honestly if I'd realized how cuz it was
my first year there and I we had a lot
going on if ID realized how little I was
leaving this was our first foreign trip
we weren't that used to currency
conversion stuff and and and and like we
know but like just weren't thinking
about
it if ID realized how little I was
leaving I would have left more like it
was it was an insignificant amount of
money and like really just like keep the
change kind of thing like it wasn't it
wasn't a big tip or anything but we just
left it and we were like okay thanks bye
dude she ran I don't know if you
remember this but she ran I think I do
she ran a block out of her store to
return it to us and would not keep
it and you look you know you encounter
one nice person somewhere that doesn't
tell you anything about about a culture
right but it's just been so consistent
and being in
Taiwan I believed like I I I didn't want
to make a video about getting ripped off
by a little shop right like if I'm
trying to if I'm trying to set a video
up for success
that's not the narrative people want
that's not the outcome that I that I
want of course I would report honestly
on whatever outcome I got but I like to
I like to stack the deck in my favor
right like if I have a pretty good idea
that a mega corporation that has a
history of skey behavior is going to rip
me off then I know what the framing for
my video is going to be and I know that
people aren't going to be too upset
about that whereas if I'm in this and
Pop shop and I think they're probably
going to rip me off I don't I don't want
to set that up yeah there's a chance it
can happen I think Keith could have
given me a better deal on some
things
anyway there's a there's a chance that
that can happen but that's not that's
not the narrative that I would write for
the video if if I could write it um so
with all my experience in Taiwan before
I had so much confidence that I was
going to get an awesome system that I
wrote that intro comparing it to main
gear with a pretty good idea in my mind
what the result that they were going to
cream them i' I've spent a little over
three months in Taiwan I just did a
quick little notepad math calculation um
I feel safer in Taiwan than
here Taiwan is actually ranked the third
safest country in the
world it feels safe completely believe
it anyone anyone old man young
vulnerable lady I mean we've walked
sometimes like an hour in a given
Direction just like going out for
noodles through Alleyways at 2 in the
morning I never feel unsafe and it's not
like they don't it's not like they don't
have societal challenges like anywhere
it's not like they don't have people
with substance abuse or mental health
problems or whatever the case may be but
I never felt unsafe there no everyone
feels like they're on the same team and
everyone's like and sorry to my point
like old men young women they're out all
times day and night just just
and you go down an Alleyway and you end
up just finding like cool coffee shops
and stuff instead of getting sketched
out like it's a totally different VI
that's the whole thing apparently they
like work really hard to make it so that
little shops uh make sense yeah yeah
it's it's it results in a really cool
Vibe because no part of the city really
feels the same and you don't have like
oh this one store takes up like an
entire city block it's it's like all
these little ones it I in my opinion it
results in shops like the one that
you're talking about where you have this
really specialized expertise like I I
remember going through that mall in I
think it was 2013 and finding like a a
store that just specialized in discs
nice like CDs and DVDs and whatever else
and it's like the heck and to be clear
it's not like they don't have chains I
mean you can literally hakal Lugi from
one Family Mart to the next Family Mart
to the next Family Mart to the next one
and you'll run out of lugies before you
ran out of family
Mars same with 7eleven and then they
have another one I don't remember the
name of it that's more common in the
South they're just everywhere oh which I
don't remember the name it's like a red
and blue got it logo whatever yeah
basically the same thing uh anyway uh it
was really cool to see the news media
pick up on it I had a ton of fun making
that video I I would love to do more
stuff like that I just I need to find a
way those ideas you can't flow them
every single day yeah
I know be sick if you could I mean with
that said I think we've had some videos
lately that kind of deserved a little
bit more attention but didn't
necessarily get it I think we've had
we've had some we've definitely had some
challenges kind of breaking out recently
but you know the way I see it is when
everyone kind of you know Clues back in
and is like oh yeah let's like watch LTT
again there's going to be a ton of
really great videos to watch so the my
Wi-Fi is better than yours video
maybe the title in the thumbnail could
have been different or something I don't
know but that video was really good yeah
that one's actually doing pretty solid
uh we just had some some ones before
that that uh kind of struggled a little
bit uh I think that factory tour in
Taipei deserves twice as many views that
was freaking awesome the way that they
gave us access to everything GPU Factory
like yeah you really
saw how a GPU gets manufactured it was
really cool um and they they held back
nothing I I love that kind of stuff
that's really cool
yep yeah Power color tour uh all right
do we want to move on to our next topic
yes
no because
instead I have been so excited about
this for so long Luke we have quite
possibly yeah I don't know what this is
the highest impact launch that we have
ever had on LT
store okay because this product is going
to drop like no other product okay I'm
pretty sure I know what it is go ahead
and open it up impact and drop being
fairly key words here okay you want to
be on the other side what oh well
there's no word for me to
okay move it up a
little you guys are probably wondering
why I don't just do it myself because
it's way more fun to give it to Luke to
do and then micromanage him
what's that I can't even see
it yeah okay okay can I say what it what
do you call yeah yeah do you want to set
it up let's play sure how do you get it
out of here without smashing uh oh turn
it yeah yeah yeah yeah okay well he's
he's figuring it out folks he's figuring
it
out okay this my friends is a no no do
not use that J word do not use that J
word in my chat this is GPU crash Tower
game it sounds like a mobile game
knockoff you can buy more blocks for
$4.99 it's definitely a knockoff of
something but it's not a mobile game GPU
crash Tower game Clash of gpus is fun
for the whole family each
GPU six Unique Designs has one of six
Unique Designs that get this cover all
six
sides dude
wow dude wow our cost is ridiculous yeah
I'm sure look at the Quality look at the
quality of the laser engraving I
definitely know that's not how you
that's not how you pull a brick out I
was trying to inspect the quality that's
not how you pull a brick out pull a
brick out all right okay pull a brick
out properly I don't know the rules of
Jenga excuse me the rules of GPU crash
Tower game Clash of GPU Tower game um
people are saying one hand also once you
touch it you're committed okay wow what
a what takes out a middle
block take out your middle
block AO
[Laughter]
oh wow all right I was going to leave
that how it is no what oh I put put on
the top well you're supposed to look at
it first but now you've put it on the
top so now we have to you can't take it
back off I just did what are you going
to do about it what is wrong with this
guy what is your
problem also you're not holding it where
the people can see oh my
goodness can you
even how's the quality though what do
you think
why do you have eyes on the side of your
head
zoom in a it seems nice Dan's giving you
some
Zoom is that all the zoom you got Dan
all right well the quality is
outstanding there I'll just say it yeah
I don't know how to evaluate
like that quality but it seems nice you
my life easy by putting that there I
sure did all
right GPU crash Tower game folks man we
have been working on this one for way
too long we went through so many
suppliers to try to find someone who
could not just achieve this level of um
brick quality but was willing to do
it because we engaged with at least it
was one or two I can't remember we
engaged with for sure
one dang
it how did it stay up what the heck that
sounds like a you problem
we engaged with at least one supplier
probably two that were just like no no
I'm actually not interested in making
this
product really yeah well yeah it's like
such a pain in the butt to do the
printing on every side to do the
printing to make sure that how much
worse was it to do printing on like I I
I I feel like if you had a similar H how
do I say this the the the long faces
versus the sides you just did the long
faces instead of the sides like adding
the sides I feel like probably added a
lot is that true yeah maybe some of them
it looks like don't have anything on the
side I think that's probably cuz that
GPU cooler design doesn't really have
anything on that side um but yeah Lloyd
Lloyd did the designs for all these uh
completely completely
non-infringing designs not based on any
real gpus oh wait sorry I'm not allowed
to check things which one was the first
one that I hit Clash of you I don't
remember anymore say this
one yeah
is this the most like
anti-all um Clash of GPU game ever what
does that mean what does that
mean what does that mean what do we do
no
way I don't know I guess I got two what
does that
mean I feel like the rules are being
bent here I feel like that's a you
problem
all right all right no problem that's
fine I got this boom wow boom wow indeed
wow right there right there
buddy I have no idea how this is uh
Still Standing yeah exactly how can I
break the rules of a game RK literally
you know only exists on LTT store.com I
I make the rules you there's no rules
Tower
crash the rule is so it's completely
house ruled it's your turn quit stalling
there are no rules in the Box it's
completely house rulle got
him myus plays this like a bull in a
china shop well yeah that's the thing
right as long as you don't knock it down
it's actually advantageous for it to be
as precarious as possible oh oh my
goodness it's
over no you got this you got this
um well I mean yeah can I just do the
Linus maneuver and just pick up any
extra ones that come out and just put
them on the top and that might have been
a that might have been a structural
block
there here I'm just doing Linus things
don't worry about
it
wow no it's fine what is
that oh man man all right I have lost
uh gpus hope you guys uh hope you guys
check that out on the store it's uh
appropriately $69.99 yes I know this is
very expensive for a tower Tower crash
wood block game but the quality of them
really is outstanding we really did put
they are actually like now that I look
at multiple of them they are quite
identifiable yeah I I mean I know what
card this is
don't
oh they're totally um designs that we
came up with yes yes extremely unique
yeah extremely unique I definitely have
no idea I mean I doubt anyone would get
mad at us about it but um we definitely
took some
inspiration no anyway it comes with a
really nice wooden box and it's lots of
fun because you know it's that very
similar to another mobile game that
you've probably played before made of
Beachwood um highdefinition laser
engraving on every piece like guys look
at this detail look at this level of
detail this is Real World Graphics right
here I was going to say that's probably
actually better than the camera zoom in
we did cuz that's what it looks like in
real life all right so if you guys are
looking for something to pick up on the
store to send a merch message this week
uh that would probably be a good bet all
right very satisf what you want to do
what do you want to talk about next uh
donut
sure so major departures from donut
media this week two major hosts Jeremiah
Burton and Zack job have left the brand
to form their own channel Big Time Great
Name by the way how did they get that
well they how did no one have they did
and didn't oh so like their website is
bigtimebig time.com oh yeah and their
Instagram I think is it three times big
time Big Time big time but how did they
get the YouTube channel big time um cuz
the website like who cares I don't know
that many people that uh manually
navigate to websites these days that's
fair I don't think short URLs like
matter anymore I think it's a great name
yeah I think it's an awesome name
fantastic name anyway um in their
explanation about their departure
Jeremiah and Zach said that a turning
point in their relationship with donut
was its increasingly corporate attitude
its gradual move away from Passion
projects and its emphasis on growth
Above All Else particularly after donut
was bought out by private Equity Firm
recurrent Ventures who also own several
other Automotive channels they expressed
feeling disheartened by pitching
creative ideas and getting constantly
turned down by their business focused
leadership likewise according to
Jeremiah and Zach they were promised
equity and donut at some point but
received no Financial remuneration from
the sale to recurrent their departure
was featured at the end of a recent it
says 2 million view video I think it's
up till almost three now uh where they
mentioned that they will still be seen
Sor I'm talking about that's my notes oh
that was on Donut's Channel that's on
Donut's Channel got it got it so it was
at it was donut themselves not so
obviously there's the there's the
announcement video on big time but at
the end of a video on donut they let um
Zach and joob actually talk about the
announcement of their Channel and they
linked it in the description that's
actually pretty classy yeah yeah that's
why I wanted to include it because it
sounded like uh it was all
like it like that also they also linked
to Big time's first video in the
description um I do have to wonder and
I'm not accusing anyone of anything but
I do have to wonder a little bit if
perhaps um in order to maintain in order
to maintain an you know amicable
relationship um Big Time pulled some
punches on their departure video I feel
like it didn't really feel like it but I
got to wonder I guess what I'm saying is
I wonder if there's like even more they
could
say cuz it seems I don't know because
there there's still like another thing
that in the notes but I I watched the
video um at the end of the donut video
not the Big Time video at the end of the
donut video when they're announcing that
they're making big time they also point
out that they're still going to be
hosting on
donut um I thought that was just because
they like oh they'll still be seen as
some is that just stuff that's not
edited yet though I don't think so so
based on how they said it um it sounded
like hey yeah there's some things that
aren't edited yet that are going to come
out that include us and the video after
the next video features at least one of
them uh but I think both and then I I
just don't remember I haven't watched
the whole thing um oh they're they're
they're finishing out their contract
okay there you go ah that makes sense so
it's clear that it's clear that both
sides are are potentially still trying
to play ball to a certain still trying
to play ball with each other which I
think is I think is a good thing but I
do I I got to say this is something that
I've I've wondered about a lot um
because as you guys know there was an
offer to purchase our channel from a a
very uh let's
say uh a private Equity Firm let's say
that clash
of Clash of what basically they they
specialized in in acquiring media media
companies um both you know website and
uh YouTube um and you know I got a lot
of assurances that nothing would change
and and you know all that all that stuff
right and as far as I as far as I knew
things were still going great at donut
until all of a sudden things super
weren't going great and basically I was
reading about this so it really makes me
wonder if it was as if it was as if it
was as simple as I'm not able to pitch
my you know my ideas that I think are
really good or if this has been brewing
a little heavier for for longer cuz when
when did the acquisition happen was it 2
years years ago 3 years ago it's been a
while and that's something that's been
pretty interesting to me is that a lot
of the what is happening did we have
extra blocks here yes oh um a lot of the
fan reaction that I've been seeing is
like okay so just to be you know right
on the nose about it they released a
video immediately after the video that
they announced okay things get weird
because it happened on both channels the
video that they announced that they were
splitting off on the donut channel was
called we put an $88,000 bought a kid on
our $500 Ranger that video with 2
million views at the very end of it they
announc that they're leaving then it
links in the description to the other
channel the next video on Donut's
channel is the is America ready for
Chinese cars video yeah that video is
covered
in I guess this is the influence of the
company stuff which you know what it
definitely might be but we've seen this
happen with the internet a lot we've
seen this happen on our Channel a lot
they hear something happened and then
they're like oh this change that
happened today is because of this thing
for sure and it's like guys they were
bought
out a long time ago like like we said
probably about 2 years or something ago
like this isn't this isn't new and like
yes that uh that video might be because
of contacts or whatever that this
company has and they they got some
sponsorship deal for it I have no idea I
don't have Don was acquired over 3 years
ago over 3 years ago yeah so the change
that happened the next
upload that's like that jump the one
video to the next video is not what
happened there's apparently another
video from a behind the scenes editor
who worked at donut that was more
critical um you pass me the
front there you
go yeah November November
2021 and yeah like I I'm not surprised
it's uh it's not going necessarily
perfectly and I'm I'm not saying that
the hosts in the video cuz people were
saying like they're delivery seemed kind
of flat like they seemed uninterested in
in this Chinese car um that they were
that they were doing like a sponsored
video on um and I'm not saying that they
were super enthusiastic it's quite
possible that they weren't especially
enthusiastic about it um I'm just saying
that I I doubt that um I doubt that this
change is occurring overnight in the
same way that uh it might feel like it
is because the news is breaking right
now uh I don't know I just I know enough
to know that we don't know enough if
that makes sense 100% like there is it
is very clear to me that
people's the stories we're getting are
part of the story what I know for I
don't mean that in like that they're
being dishonest or that they're like
misleading us or that that's a bad thing
that it reflects negatively on their
character that I'm not saying any of
that I'm just saying it's very clear
that okay kind of like when we left NC
yeah and we still had a contra ual
obligation I didn't have an NDA that
said I can't say or I didn't have a a
non-disparagement agreement is more like
what it would be which is also an NDA I
didn't have a non-disparagement
agreement um or anything like that but
obviously it wouldn't be in my best
interest to be like yeah n cix
sucks and like their leadership is super
dumb um and I didn't really talk about
the structural issues with the
leadership until
they were dissolved as an entity and I
no longer feared any legal repercussions
right um so I do kind of wonder if we're
going to hear a deeper version of this
story at some point in the future is all
I was trying to say earlier yeah another
thing that I want to point not is that
personally I believe that the comments
that people are making under the
videos uh
condemning donut
basically is not helpful if you want if
you would want to see this type of thing
again uh because donut was actually very
cool about letting them have that shout
out in the end of that other video and
linking to another channel that is not
under donut in their own video like
allowing that to happen was very cool
and I think the coolness of that is
being significantly overshadowed by
people just crapping all of her donut um
which is unfortunate I'm
also super excited about big time
their first video Big Time excited yeah
true their first video is sick um the
fixing my abandoned project car Big Time
awesome video there's there's some stuff
like
uh man what is it called it was like 100
hours in
Brazil
donut this video the I spent 100 hours
in Brazil's underground car scene that
video is sick and then the I spent 100
hours in Australia is underr car scene
was also sick and that feels like the
type of content that they were
describing that they want to keep making
so like I'm I'm very excited about the
Big Time stuff I just think you you
should be aware of the impact of
audience comments on the relationship
that they still have and the possibility
of this type of thing happening in the
future if this is something that you
liked and
wanted I have another thing to say to
the big time folks yeah you need to Big
Time reply to your emails yeah I reached
out to to I want to sponsor I want to
sponsor Big Time nice yeah I'm going to
send over some screwdrivers uh sponsor
sponsor a video maybe a couple videos
maybe series dude I'm so excited about
big time let's go the the second I heard
this announcement I was like yes yes
please I'm very excited let's
go yeah so uh I I want to hear back from
you guys um go go go check check your
inbox make sure that your website
contact form works it's it's one of
those things where like you know you set
up like a Squarespace site or what what
whoever's powering in this first video
from Big Time which I'm sure you haven't
seen cuz it launched like today uh at
one point in time
uh he's like the camera guy looks at
looks at one of them he's like what are
you doing and he's like oh trying to
save the business basically he's just on
his laptop like I think they I think
this is legitimately very fresh yeah oh
yeah 100% And and they're in like we got
to make this work mode so and honestly
two massive personalities start a new
channel that already has a million
subscribers like they probably have a
lot of emails right now yeah so yeah but
reply to mine reply
to all right cool going to be sick
though I'm I'm really excited I Think
They Came Out Swinging with their first
video um apparently it's number three on
trending right now so they're killing
it big time I am glad we didn't take the
acquisition
offer yeah it's been an extremely
turbulent
period uh since the acquisition offer um
there's been times that I've looked at
it and I've gone
like I would be I would be out at this
point you know but that doesn't help
anyone else in the team um that doesn't
help the
audience um I don't think that is
helpful to the Tech Community as a whole
so I'm I'm at peace with it now seeing
this especially I think this was
uh trying to think if there have been
cases donut was honestly like the case
of corporate acquisition not being the
end of a channel that I thought about
when I was thinking about whether to
accept the offer or not and uh I think
may maybe maybe the conclusion just is
that it's not
possible maybe it's not possible for our
channel to keep it Soul C can you guys
think of an example of one that survived
a corporate acquisition and I mean we
haven't seen it's been 3 years they're
still dropping 2 million view videos
they survived they
survived I'm not
saying everything's peachy we don't know
what's going on behind the scenes to me
sounds like it's not perfect to at least
be a a writer host there I wouldn't I
haven't seen the editor's video I don't
know what else is going on yeah it's man
it's tough cuz like someone pointed out
smos they didn't survive the first one
but they survived the second one yeah
but they also weren't corporate B great
on the third one they were botle by
mythical yeah that helps a lot like come
on that's not like yes mythical mythical
is a corporation sure but it's also it's
it's yeah they're okay theorists that's
still too fresh for me super recent yeah
yeah it's super fresh I um I don't I
don't know and when I say survive I
guess I'm talking about like the soul
surviving um
I don't know if the soul is dead from
donut I feel like people might be going
in too hard um again it's been going on
for three years people weren't really
pointing this out until now um I'm sure
on the writer side I wouldn't be
surprised at all if it's gotten worse on
the writer side more sponsored content
more of your passion projects not being
able to go through all that type of
stuff what what they said in their video
resonated a lot made a ton of sense but
the channel itself I'm not talking about
the experience of working on the team
I'm not talking
the channel itself has been doing well
the whole 3 years that's fair that's
fair and and you know it's tough
sometimes too because sometimes you'll
have someone pitch a project and and I'm
speaking from personal experience as as
an owner of a YouTube media organization
right you'll have someone pitch a
project and you're looking at it going
like guys that that doesn't make sense
we can't do that and on their side they
might feel like well this is something
the audience would love and something
that I'm really passionate about and and
and all of these things that you know I
can hear these guys saying and I'm kind
of sitting here going okay well yeah but
that might make sense when you're doing
it on your own channel and you're
working 14 hours a day and you know
understanding that
you're not going to be paid for a lot of
those hours but you know within within
an organization that has to have you
know a proper overtime policy and has to
have proper you know paid time off and
has to have you know all of this all of
this overhead and all of this admin
administrative burden you know what it
wouldn't have made sense because while
you're looking at it going well this is
a great idea and I could do this in two
days it's like yeah sure if you spend
those two days in a fever feverish
working State and do and see absolutely
nothing else yeah sure that could make
sense but that's like 28 hours and I
can't afford to have you out of
commission for you know that period of
time not working on other things like it
doesn't make any sense um we can't we
can't have a operator following you
around like that um all hours of the day
like think about some of the stuff that
we used to do back in the day like that
Fallout bomb build where you and Brandon
were here after midnight two days in a
row getting that video done it was sick
I do it again I know brother let's go
but part of growing up as a company is
not asking that of people anymore right
you didn't I I know but I totally did it
behind your back yes I know sorry I'm
just messing with you but also not
expecting of people right so I'm I'm
really excited I'm really excited to see
how big time does I'm I'm just generally
really excited about you know people in
the YouTube space like starting cool
stuff and this just seems like there's a
lot of really good energy around it and
I want to support it there that's that's
all I really have to say there's been
there's been a bunch of comments in flow
plan chat um trying to point out to me
that the Channel's still doing well
doesn't mean that the culture behind it
and stuff is still great I just want to
make it super clear that that's why I
drew the line between the two I already
knew that I have I just like you have
really no idea what it's like there yeah
that's what I'm trying to point out and
one employee is not enough for me to go
yes that is the 100% truth two is still
honestly not enough you don't you don't
know the whole picture how many people
work there uh I think it's like
40ish yeah so the the only way that I
think I would be able to really tell
what it really is like would be to work
there yeah I mean that's the thing I
know for sure is I'm super excited about
big time everything else
honestly I have no ability to impact and
it doesn't matter just go watch big time
enjoy the content it's going to be great
yeah more is more is not more better or
more is more is not more worse is what I
was going to say just more car content
can't complain I mean it's uh there's
there's there's a whole sea of viewers
out there there's enough of them for
both big time and donut to continue to
exist yeah uh Kettle Kettle or no not
Kettle Kettle uh long Linus says humble
PC would not happen on bot LTT I don't
think I don't think that's true we have
been humble PC yeah yeah that was that
like crazy build we did with the like
$5,000 worth of fittings or whatever it
was oh that one p just like just
ridiculous you know just just meing um
and no no I no humble PC would happen on
on bot LT that one we didn't we didn't
lose money on that um
however excuse me sorry however Kettle
kettle's response uh I don't know about
humble PC but April fools definitely
wouldn't April fools wouldn't we lost so
much money on our April Fool no chance
also just time opportunity cost oh my
goodness dude huge absolutely huge once
there's shareholders the SCH is dead
shareholders exist this company has
shareholders this is what I'm saying is
like a lot of people I don't think a lot
of people know what they're talking
about when it comes to this which is
fine but just be careful about the the
anger that you're projecting because it
might hurt things that you don't want to
hurt that's all I'm necessarily saying
unless you know what you're talking
about um and pretty much none of us do
I'm including myself which is why I'm
saying all I know is I'm excited about
big time because I don't really know
what's going on but I'm excited about
big time because I
watched two the two of their videos
which is the videos that they have and
they're both great and I'm excited about
more that's it that's
all oh we're supposed to explain merch
messages and if you know what if it
blows up completely and everyone quits
in two three weeks or
something then we'll know that'll be a
solid indicator but I don't know right
now we might know real soon or we won't
I have no idea that's it I think that'll
be a solid solid indicator yeah and it
could happen who knows we've seen this
type of thing happened before didn't it
happen with um SourceFed uh SourceFed
imploded more slowly okay it was yeah it
was a it was a very very slow
self-destruction they basically just
lost momentum lost momentum and kind of
death spiraled and everybody bumped out
yeah uh there there was there was a a
pretty major Exodus of their primary
onscreen talent that did happen pretty
close together but I don't think there
were really any allegations of of it
being like an awful workplace or
anything like that I think it was just
one of those cases is
where what exactly was it about
SourceFed that made them have to be on
that channel mhm nothing so they just
didn't and they went and did something
else um if if it does go down something
I would be interested to see is if like
other people try to join big time or if
it turns into like a bunch of smaller
car channels or if some people just exit
the scene like seeing how it goes down
would be very interesting um but it also
so just might not or it might who knows
I don't think uh speculating on that
right now is all that interesting I'd
rather just watch Big
Time nice
yeah all right Birch messages are the
way to interact with the
show uh merch messages all you got to do
is go to LTT store.com put pretty much
anything in your cart and there'll be a
little box that pops up whenever we're
live you can leave a merch message it'll
come up like this at the bottom of the
screen where Dan will either reply to
you he'll just pop your message up there
he will curate it for someone internally
to respond to you later or he'll curate
it for me and Luke to reply to you so
we're going to show you a couple of
those to give you some idea of how it
works and Dan hit me sure thing let's
see I've got a couple here for you any
status on the Lux backpack or original
batch it's several weeks past the
original Shipping estimate but haven't
seen an update on any W shows for a
while uh as you can probably imagine
from the Dual layer and failed
Carabiner um fiascos our relationship
with our backpack supplier is a little
fraught um how with that said you should
absolutely be getting a an update and I
will I will um find that out for you or
uh Dan if if your workload is not too
heavy could you maybe fire an email over
to Nick and see if uh we could get an
update for next show can do okay perfect
thank you you for next show
okay and do you want another one yes
please all right uh
cat. dll uh have you always been a
materials snob quote unquote thoughts on
why I didn't have much when I was young
but now that I'm doing well I hate
wasting time or money on subpar but now
I get analysis
paralysis I don't know that material
snob is the way that I would describe it
but but I do definitely appreciate
something that costs twice as much and
lasts five times as long so if that's
what you're saying then yeah I I I I
think part of it is not having much when
you're young when you don't have much
and the thing that you have like breaks
or doesn't last um it's so much more
memorable and it's so much more
impactful whereas I think you can tell
really easily um when something is built
with an eye toward uh longevity and I I
can see how that can become something
that you appreciate it's definitely
something that I appreciate um one of
the early revisions of this packaging
for uh GPU Tower crash game um had an
had a problem where if you actually look
at the top corner there do you see how
there's a spot where there could be a
little
nubbin yeah right there um so there was
a little nub in there that would break
off too easily
and so we actually redesigned it to not
have the nub in and then have the top
have like a different shape so that
there's there's no nubb in there and the
nubbin was cool because I forget it
allowed it to wait I think yeah it was
cuz the top would go in and then the
front slid down and held the top in and
that was cool but then we did it the
other way because it was more durable
and so you have to really you have to
really give thought to things to make
them last a long time and it's just
something that I that I appreciate um
and yeah I I think part of that is from
growing up and not having a ton yeah you
want what you have to last
yeah one more Dan sure why not let's
see um hi w.d. xe. r.z I've recently
been checking out new cars and ensuring
they support comma AI open pilot driving
assistance what are your thoughts on
open- Source self-driving or assistance
devices I've want ah man what keeps
happening I've wanted to do a video on
comma AI a couple of times and we just
haven't gotten momentum for it a couple
of times
um I don't know M matter matter of
matter of time I think what was what was
one of the
delays yeah we were going to we were
going to install it in my van but it
wasn't compatible cuz it doesn't have
like a lan keep camera and then I think
we had actually discussed doing it in
Andy's van at some point but and he
didn't end up keeping his Minivan and
then I I don't know we've we've kicked
it around at least three times and then
have ultimately decided not to make a
video about it but it's absolutely
something that I would like to do maybe
I'll just I I'll re I'll ref flag it for
myself to bring up in in writer meeting
and and maybe we'll get that going
okay all right you want to pick a topic
Luke
sure what else we have in the main
topics um oh yeah live service games use
fake Randomness and fake Facebook
friends to manipulate players into
spending money this is wild and also the
most expected thing ever oh yeah
according to a recent article by Indie
developer Adrien Laurent predatory live
service games have developed a suite of
Insidious tactics meant to manipulate
players into making purchases that go
even Beyond dark patterns and aggressive
microtransactions these games are
collecting information on player
behavior and then algorithmically
adjusting the game's difficulty Loot
drop odds and microtransaction pricing
in order to extract as much money as
possible by keeping players within the
frustration Zone frustration zone is a
thing that we heard recently about uh
tarov as well for example if a player
not that tarov does exactly this but
they use it for other means for example
if a player is advancing faster than
expected they will get worse odds for
random drops and the game will become
more difficult than it is for other
players if the player is a habitual big
spender they are less likely to be
offered deals on microtransactions and
may even have the difficulty and prices
jacked up specifically for them in some
cases the price of the same value
microtransaction can be several times
more expensive for certain
players it feels like like Geo blocking
prices which is normally done so that
countries that don't have as strong of
currency and and and GDP and stuff can
still afford to like buy and play your
game is being used in the opposite to
just make it worse for everyone which is
kind of Epic uh Lauren points to Nexon
the Korean MMO Dev that was fined $9
million from manipulating loot box odds
to optimize player spending earlier this
year but he likewise says that
manipulation of Randomness to coers more
money out of players isn't a problem
specific to Nexon but rather a normal
practice within the live service gaming
industry which I'm adding this here this
is not what what this person said but
which is probably why when you see live
service games fail and they feel like
they failed because they were a live
service the company makes the next game
a live service
anyways is cuz they're they're looking
for that that loot box of their own at
the end of the rainbow uh while this
practice is extremely common the sheer
number of variables in a typical live
service game make it extremely difficult
for a player to tell whether they're
being manipulated or simply the victim
of bad luck it also makes it incredibly
difficult to prove given that many
Publishers are not transparent about
their drop odds or even lie about those
odds yeah man it reminds me of the uh
the gambling websites that sponsor
streamers and literally give them money
to gamble and then manipulate it so they
win
yeah wild uh further Lauren says that
some live service games are using Bots
posing as real players or even falsely
posting a Facebook friend as the player
of in the high score board both to make
Facebook friend of the player in the
high scoreboard yeah both to make the
player believe that they're performing
surprisingly well before jacking up the
difficulty and to create fake rivalries
which is going to push people more
especially to spend money naturally
because you want to be better or at
least competitive with your friends if
you feel like you're falling behind uh
and you're trying as hard as you can you
might be more incentivized to spend
money
yeah it's rough uh Mr Lawrence suggested
solutions for the problem what can we do
about it as a player be aware understand
that Randomness in games is often
manipulated and personalized investing
money might not give you as much of
Advantage as you think and be aware that
your game experience can differ
significantly from other players two if
a game Studio you once cherish starts
using predatory tactics don't expect it
to revert to its previous ethical
standards the developers who oppose such
tactics have left or lost their
influence fluence if a studio backtracks
due to backlash they may often just try
to hide their tactics better some people
also might not have left or lost their
influence they might just care more
about money now um support ethical
Studios choose to support game studios
that align with your values and stay
true to your own values as a developer
advocate for transparency transparency
is crucial for healthy Studios and games
manipulating Randomness to include
elements players would disapprove of is
a slippery slope and two challenge
unethical practices monetization
stakeholders do not have a monopoly on
ethics if a tactic conflicts with your
values it is fair to openly challenge it
there's a lot more in terms of like
legislative Solutions but yeah um I mean
that's it's rough I'm super not
surprised yeah this is often we often go
pretty hard in the paint on on the whole
microtransactions thing and some people
don't like it this is a large part of
why though um like you are just straight
up being manipulated um
yeah if it's a free game you played a
bunch you want to support it you buy
some skins that's one thing
um this is just soy completely different
level yeah and you know what I I do
wonder sometimes if part of my well just
don't buy it attitude is that I that I
grew up at in a different time right
when when this wasn't normal and now
that this seems normal people are are
more easily susceptible to it yeah the
amount of dude the amount of money some
of these mobile games are printing is
crazy unfathomable yeah it's it's it's
unbelievable sometimes um also didn't
understand how popular mobile games were
and
then uh trying to take public transit
more often has revealed how popular
mobile games
are it's it's all over the place it's
crazy
Candy Crush as of September 2023 had
reached over 20 billion in lifetime
Revenue that's a with a
B billion Candy Crush specifically not
King yeah just Candy Crush Candy Crush
Saga why are we making YouTube videos
yeah really
Dan we're making YouTube videos because
we didn't think of that oh
Luke this is your fault that is true
this is your fault is true I'll take the
blame for that yeah yep that's true also
we have
integrity Integrity Farms let's go um
how could we have integrity I mean I
don't know I waste of time as soon as
you say you have integrity you've you've
already lost the game I think but now
everyone lost the game would oh not that
game you can't do that publicly oh why
did you do
that I got so many people right there
what a low Integrity thing to do that
might be one of the
biggest that that's pretty big PR bigway
the reason that we don't use I got you
all the reason we don't manipulate
people in this way is because we don't
believe it's right there that's the
answer to that question the reason we
don't sell anybody's data that we have
plenty of people's data you know through
the Forum um through the store the
reason we don't sell any of that is
because we don't think it's right there
that
simple you know the other
reason why it's not necessary yeah we're
doing good you can make plenty of money
we're doing good operating an ethical
business yeah like seriously I'm fine we
got a hundred employees more than that
yeah I I've lost track that's why I just
say 100 yeah just keep it simple yeah
you just say over 100 yeah yeah I don't
know sure it doesn't really matter much
the point the point is the point is that
you don't have to so that's what saddens
me about this kind of thing is that they
don't have
to yeah so
why I mean cuz it's quick probably
I suspect a lot of these it's really
hard to make a game that
actually uh like catches on and people
actually play and then once you do if
you were never in it in the first place
for the art of creating a game which I
think a lot of people are but if you if
you weren't in it for that reason you're
just trying to cash out you know and
like people work at those types of
companies for a reason they want the
money
I want the dollars man Cory is the name
says at Linus as a small business owner
with Integrity I can affirm that I'm
nearly out of debt heck yeah nice good
job keep going Do It Go Hard pre
congrats for when it happens yeah that's
big heck yeah I'm not yet but working on
it yeah
but I I have is aggressively your
fault I have been multiple times and
then every time I'm just a giant lab and
a Adon Center at the same time let's go
let's go all in again
boys it's just kind of my thing my
goodness yeah I
know I'm not there yet come on uh all
right uh what are we supposed to be
talking about oh oh sponsor
spots uh no let's do them the show is
brought to you today by ag1 power up
with ag1 this week well you're battling
through the new Elden RNG you might fail
at killing Mesmer 100 times but ag1
won't fail you it's a one scoop cheat
code for your daily vitamins and
nutrition unlike other supplements that
only reference research from specific
ingredients ag1 is backed by multiple
research studies on their whole formula
they were done by Third parties in
double blind experiments environments as
well as being Placebo controlled they've
also shared the results of the studies
on their website so you can see the
potential benefits of adding ag1 to your
morning routine a few members of the lmg
team have tried or even drink AG G1
daily it has a mild sweet taste with
hints of pineapple and vanilla so try
ag1 and get a free one-year supply of
vitamin D3 K2 and five free ag1 travel
packs with your first purchase at drink
a1.com
wow the show is also brought to you by H
refs is your online business feeling
lonelier than you do on Valentine's Day
oh my God that's so
mean why why did Dennis do you like that
they know did you know valid oh okay
because your business is getting drowned
out on the internet no one can find it
that's why I'm sad you can boost your
site's foot traffic by enhancing SEO
with H's Web Master tools and it's free
the process is simple first use site
audit to crawl through your site for the
overarching issues that are holding it
back then use tools like page Explorer
to dig through the details with Advanced
filters to see what's working well and
what could use some help next use site
Explorer to research organic traffic and
make sure your site is making proper use
of keywords you'll even get access to
the world's largest index of live back
links so you can see where your clicks
are coming from so go to the link in the
video description and improve your
website's SEO performance for free with
hr's webm
tools I I'm still not recovered from
that that was like I was like collateral
collateral secondhand yeah I mean the
whole the whole point is that
I don't
know take shots it's fun the whole point
is the show is also brought to you by
updf updf is a simple PDF solution for
all your needs they're not just the
easiest they're just not the easiest
things to make changes to we've all
experienced that before but updf can
transform you from an angry frustrated
man into someone who has love in their
eyes again oh wow that's
terrifying hor using a Mac and listening
to reading about jazz music clean UI is
easy to navigate so you can get your
work done it can handle PDFs across all
platforms Windows Mac IOS and Android
and all you need is one updf account for
up to four devices not only can you edit
text with updf you can also modify
images watermarks links backgrounds
headers Footers and more plus their AI
features can help improve your work
efficiency you can summarize translate
explain rewrite and ideate your
documents all in updf and it comes with
cloud storage of up to 100 G check them
out at the link in the video description
hey speaking of of AI stuff I um we got
or we rather didn't get the like dance
um the dance pictures for uh for one of
our daughters like they do portraits and
stuff and they give you previews they
actually gave you digital previews which
is unusual but with like massive
watermarks all over it dude AI Watermark
removal so good not that you you did
that I don't know what you're talking
about but AI Watermark removal is a
super cool thing that
exists very
cool man can I can I just talk about how
frustrating it is to me the the policies
that photographers will have around not
giving you the original files when you
hire them like for a specific photo
shoot really it it actually makes me
legitimately Furious and what is that
about why is that a thing it's a thing
so I can tell you I can tell you the
artistic reason what is there yeah so
the the justification that will be
provided is that that's not the
completed work um that that it needs to
be retouched before you know it's
suitable to be looked at and it's a
reflection on their artwork if people
ever see the the raw file that's been
you know done in a way that they
wouldn't have approved of then it's it's
not their real art and therefore they
don't but obviously
it has to do with that they don't want
you to have the raw file and do it how
you would like to do it you'd have to
pay for any touchups is that why um any
changes and stuff I I just why so that
you don't have them but what if they
just charged you for the the modified
version the modified version whatever
the the edited version the touch up
version because I'm assuming they're
shooting in like whatever those should
in raw yeah typically um well no they
they charge you for that but even paying
for that I've I've offered to pay an
additional fee to just give me the raw
files and I've I've been turned down
almost every time yeah I'm I just I have
absolutely no
um yeah evulsion says my senior pictures
for high school had the saturation and
sharpness absolutely blasted by the
photographer and I was like please just
give me the raw yeah I uh I just it
makes me
extremely extremely angry it's art
you're wrong it started with them
selling prints yeah so so it's basically
them controlling the final product that
you get um and and putting you in a
position where I can I could totally
understand them
saying uh like you have to buy the
edited version if you want the
raw copyright the photographer owns the
copyright so what I don't care it's a
picture of me it's a it's a it's a
picture of me like if you if you want to
and literally I'm hiring you to do it so
write a new contract where I own the
copyright of it because I hired you to
take this picture like he's saying he'll
pay an increased amount of money yeah
it's it's it's not really something that
I think is is reasonable um and if you
if you don't want to do it then yeah
like by all means I just don't really
understand how this has become a norm um
and if you want
to if you if you want to you know take a
picture on your own time and own the
copyright for that that you aren't being
compensated for then by all means if I
want to buy it from you I guess I have
to I guess I have to pay you for a print
I have to pay you every single time I
want a copy of it but you didn't and the
rate at which you are charged for a
private photography shoot is such that
no I I I think you on the pictures like
no man right you got to be kidding me um
I've definitely run into chill
ones um so people are saying yeah raw
files are proof of copyright to the
photos okay well then yeah then charge
me more and give me a contract where I
own the photos that I paid you to take
of me like I'm not I'm not talking about
I'm not talking about you know photos
that you took on your own time of some
artistic subject or whatever about not
compensating them for the work yeah
neither of those things are being
discussed it's just it's it's like my
face so
no
anyway um yeah also that doesn't make
sense 666 says a raw file does not
establish copyright that's not how
copyright law works I could see it being
used as evidence um but if you just both
have it RGB 86 says just because you
paid for them to be taken doesn't mean
you own the copyright that's not how it
works that's why I said write a new
contract where I do own it that's why I
say things that I say in the way that I
say them uh it's really important to pay
attention Chad's been rough today I know
they're trying they're trying really
hard okay should we do another topic
um yeah what do you want to talk about
what about this Korean Telecom
thing cuz I saw this in the news and
then immediately knew it was going to be
in wow and didn't read it on purpose but
it's interesting sure it's intriguing
green Telecom uh intentionally uploads
malware onto its customers computers KT
Corporation one of South Korea's largest
telecom companies has reportedly
intentionally infected over 600,000
internet users with malware in
retaliation for their use of Torrance
the problem was first noted in May of
2020 when web hard a Korean cloud
service provider that uses peer-to-peer
file sharing began receiving sorry the
name's just amazing uh began receiving a
wave of user complaints that web hard's
program wasn't working and in some cases
their PC had shut down entirely web hard
determined that every affected user was
a KT customer web hard reported that the
matter to police who determined that
this was the result of a malware attack
originating from K data center so far 13
individuals have been criminally charged
in relation to the affair though the
investigation is ongoing KT and webhard
have had past legal disputes over the
latter's use of peer-to-peer file
sharing which saves webhard a lot of
money and server costs yeah uh which KT
claims causes additional strain on its
Network KT was previously caught
throttling torrent traffic including web
hard which resulted in a court case that
was decided in favor of KT on the
grounds that web hard didn't pay KT
Network usage fees for its peer-to-peer
system and didn't explain to its users
how the grid service Works in detail
therefore the court determined that it
wasn't unreasonable for KT to block web
hard's Network
traffic interesting one thing I will say
before people start jumping on different
things um as has been discussed a couple
times this stream there's going to be
things about this that we don't
necessarily understand clearly there's
people that have been criminally charged
can't just put malware on customers
computers but uh the part that I'm
talking about is this this whole like
maybe web hard should have to pay KT for
uh Network usage fees if I remember
correctly South Korea does work that way
right um so like that might sound weird
and I'm not saying it's good but I I do
think that is actually how certain deals
work with different companies in South
Korea yeah Scrappy DP said that's why
twitch left Korea yeah so like this is a
thing that's not that's not completely
out of nowhere this is a thing I don't
know exactly how it works I don't know
in what cases in what situations
different companies have to pay each
other for whatever but uh yeah it's
weird only works that way for overseas
companies okay so maybe it doesn't in
this case I don't know all I'm saying is
that that part is not like that
odd but yeah uh infecting
600,000 computers with malware because
you don't like that their torrenting is
uh not an appropriate
response I just can't believe how angry
people are in the chat about the
photographer discussion what are they
angry about oh all kinds of things you
know chat things
um the crew's new crew wants to build
their own servers a group of five
modders has begun building their own
servers in order to make the crew play
able once more after the game's official
servers were shut down by Ubisoft
earlier this year the crew had solo play
but all game modes nonetheless required
a server connection the mod team points
to this capacity for solo play as an
important difference between the crew
and many other games that died with the
closing of their servers the game
likewise had the unusual feature of
allowing players to drive across a
contiguous open world scale model of the
entire continental US according to
whammy 4 a member of the crew Revival
project if the industry's trend toward
artificial Online requirements continues
then in a decade we'll have tons of
unplayable Dead games that people once
loved and played the cruise Community
should absolutely not let Ubisoft keep
getting away with such horrendous
practices otherwise it will just keep
happening to more and more games
including the creu sequels and history
will just keep repeating itself I
couldn't have said it better myself
thanks whammy for um our discussion
question here is what would it mean if
communities building their own servers
became the standard response to these
kinds of shutdowns how do you think game
companies would
respond
I I don't
know on the one hand you know I I look
at it and I go like surely they wouldn't
be like if people are just going to do
all the work on their own surely they
wouldn't be stupid enough to go and and
stomp on these people but then on the
other hand um it's happened yeah and
there's legitimate potential liability
for people firing up this game that they
licensed from the game developer cuz
technically it's a license firing up
this game that they licensed from the
game developer and potentially something
malicious happening because we're seeing
good groups work to you know put servers
back up to help people play these always
online games but nothing would prevent a
malicious group from doing something
like that or a bad actor from
interfering with the work of a good
group um
and man driving games are really
complicated just because anything I I
don't know if the crew had licensed um
had licensed car models and stuff like
that but that can be that can be a big
problem that can be very challenging
licensed music can be can be a big
challenge all certainly has licensed
music in it and there can be an
obligation for the game developer to go
after like that can be something they're
contractually obligated to do I think
there's going to and remember but we're
not just talking about the crew in
particular right now we're talking about
this more broadly uh will this trend of
of user groups putting servers online in
order to keep these games alive continue
I I I doubt it will be feasible if this
is not something that is baked into the
plan for the
game I don't see it being something that
can happen a ton of work so you can't
expect it to happen right people aren't
being compensated for this you you can't
expect it to happen every time and if
this was expected to happen for every
game every time it's too much work
you're leaning on the community too
hard it's
unreasonable do you want to keep talking
about the photos thing because someone
linked an article from fstoppers how to
explain why you don't provide your Raw
photos no I'm bored of it points okay
yeah it's basically everything that's
already been said yeah and
I I don't know someone made a
particularly asinine comparison to it's
like if you license software and to get
the source code no it isn't it's like if
you hire a contract developer to do a
job for you and you expect to get the
source code you're literally hiring them
to do the work there's also like one of
the points in here is uh you already
have an agreement for a set number of
images if they're asking for it after
the fact sure by all means say no yeah
all he was saying was I would like an
option to like have a different contract
that I potentially pay more for where I
can get them yeah I don't think people
understand the well this feels a lot
like the articles that we saw
criticizing um our videos on Apple's
refusal to repair our iMac where they
would they would glom on to something I
never said uh and say he expected
warranty coverage for it and apple
wouldn't of course do that and guys go
go look like wanted to pay to legitimate
supposed news organizations had that
take on it like that never happened yeah
I wanted to pay Apple to repair my
computer I bought from them that's not
an unreasonable take if your agreement
is that this person is getting edited
photos like but you're getting four
edited photos out of this and then they
ask for the Ros and you say no of course
your agreement was for four edited
photos not Ross he's talking about
something completely
different SL S I think I know what one
you just read anyway he said SL s yeah
no no no no no no no no it wasn't it's
just okay um pyro pinky asks would you
allow a sponsor to request all raw files
from the shoot no I
wouldn't but the shoot is of
me that's a big difference if I was
working as as a as a as a gun for hire
right and if I was if I was shooting
like a like a corporate video for them
to to make some thing and I'm just in
there you know shooting interview
footage of their Executives for example
then they would expect to have the raw
footage so that it can be edited in the
manner they deem best
and I would expect to provide it yeah
these are these are not parallel right
guys like these are these are not
parallels
um oh we're supposed to do three more
merch messages now apparently hit me Dan
oh yeah sure yeah I mean you can go
whatever order you like let's see uh my
friend Joe teaches kids at the Boys and
Girls Club recently he let the kids tear
down a dead Alienware laptop do y'all
have any other activities around fifth
grade uh students would like that's
super cool that's very cool um man fifth
grade fifth grade activities so they're
yeah so these kids are 11 like 10 10 to
um is it based around computer hardware
because they mentioned the laptop thing
cuz like scratch is cool and I think
11-year-old is around you know scratch
is probably a good idea I mean I know
that this is sort of the same thing but
also isn't older LCD monitors are super
cool because you can actually see the
different layers like you can see the
polarization layer like you can actually
like take it out and hold them up and
and you could talk about what it's doing
and light and and stuff like that this
might be tough uh they would need to
help the kids with this but if you did
that experiment where you take the
polarization layer off the Monitor and
then you make like glasses out of it so
that you can the monitor looks white but
if you're wearing the glasses you can
see what's on the monitor that would
probably be like a very mind expanding
that would blow the kids Minds that's
sick yeah great idea that would be cool
you might be able to do the process of
removing the layer yourself but then
just like place it on it so that you can
still see properly but then tell them
that you already removed it and then
peel it off and then make the glasses
with them uh because the the process of
removing it is is a lot harder might be
a little above what else would be kind
of cool to to kind of dissect I I mean I
don't want to recommend you know taking
apart anything that's super valuable
anymore um so that's that's something
that can make things a little bit
challenging
but maybe if there was a way to for
anything you do to remain usable like
for future lessons like I could see it
being kind of cool to remember remember
that like onetime sponsor we had and
they had those little shadow box things
with all the components removed from
game consoles and stuff like that so if
as a class project you kind of like made
something that you could kind of hang on
the wall and and continue to use um then
I'd feel a little less bad about sort of
just like taking something apart like
that
um yeah trying to think of something
other than disassembling stuff I mean 10
11 year olds are sort of getting
reasonably competent but I wouldn't
expect any electronic device to survive
their treatment with Tools around either
so taking things apart is probably your
best best bet definitely not power
supplies don't take apart any power
supplies yeah don't do that don't do
that
um yeah cuz like my my high school
teacher Mr tradle did a super cool thing
um high scho high school computers
teacher to be clear um where he he got
us a bunch of like end of life desktops
and pile them all up in a room and we
had to like tear them all apart and then
figure out what pieces of Hardware in
that pile were known good and like
identifying even a few pieces of known
good things was like super valuable
because then you could use those things
to test other things that you weren't
sure about um so like it started really
slow because we had to try to find some
stuff that worked at all but then over
time it got faster and faster and then
we built a computer lab out of what was
effectively two computer labs worth of
computers um that was incredibly
satisfying and also I would say that um
it increased my like pride in the school
if that makes sense because now there
was something in the school that was
like built by
me had my work in it so like you would
see you would see people in the computer
labs uh mess with the computers all the
time people would put things in the
optical drive Bays people would stuff
garbage in the side panels they would do
stupid annoying things like that and it
already annoyed me cuz I liked the
computers now they were they were
computers that I built you know what
made me the most most angry about just
senseless destruction of school property
when I was a student was people being
like yeah but this school sucks yeah
it's like you're making it worse why do
you think it sucks yeah this is why we
can't have nice things now they have to
spend their extremely limited budget on
fixing your garbage um but yeah so like
I don't know that that had a lot of
personal value to me for like a a
billion different reasons but
um yeah yeah was cool brutal
okay do you think ignorance is bliss
when it comes to Tech uh because you'll
be more happy if you don't know what
you're missing for example uh just
enjoying 30fps console games versus now
always wanting 120 frames a second I
think in some ways ignorance can be
Bliss but in other ways it can be
ignorance um like if you're blissfully
ignorant
about oh I don't know okay here's
something I came across recently did you
know that if you download your Google
photos backup on mass all the metadata
is gone like the the shooting date the
location all of that is stripped out if
you just select all and download it and
it just Zips the whole thing up and and
you just download the whole thing you
download individually it's still there I
downloaded like 14 I'm I'm actually not
sure I didn't try that cuz that would be
extremely tedious so apparently there's
a work around uh but if you just do it
the way that any Norm user would do it
all the metad gets stripped out of
everything and it's it's one of those
things that I look at I just go like why
like why why why I also think that
knowing things like having experienced
120 FPS with a proper Monitor and stuff
like that is great doesn't mean that you
have to be pained when you don't have it
um understand like I think I think you
can hold both of those ideas in your
head I don't know you can understand
that it's like a worse experience but um
I think being okay with what you have
but knowing that there's more is a state
that you can be in I don't think it's
impossible as someone who's quite cheap
it's quite
possible apparently uh Google takeout
works but saves the metadata in a
separate Json file well that's annoying
uh and then you have to use a tool to
merge it back in and so yeah I came
across that workflow and I was like well
that's something for me to figure fig
out another day yep but I just also
would have found it super cool if they
just didn't do that and that would have
been better for me yeah I'm sure there's
a I'm sure there's an optimization
reason that they do that but if it's as
simple as you know merging that Json
file with uh or the entries in that that
database file with all of the um the
various individual files then I really
wish they would just do that for me when
I downloaded it because it's just moving
text around so it probably isn't that
demanding compared to all the like AI
crap that they're doing these
days
H quick someone tell the EU oh yeah
didn't the EU do something interesting
this week I don't think they'd be able
to do anything about that they're not
it's not like they're not giving you the
data it's just not in a super easy
format I don't I don't know they had an
uncommon l a little while ago and then I
thought they had a couple W's this week
but I don't see it in the dock so I
can't remember
I really did think they did something
all right oh Dan is that right are we
apparently are we supposed to do another
merch message I think that was two we
can do one more all right hit me with
one more a local Australian major TV
channel had their YouTube channel taken
over like yours did any followup on how
YouTube is working to protect channels
like yours honestly no I haven't heard
buo and I can see that it's obviously
still
happening uh I mean we have we have
definitely you know talked about fishing
and and and the dangers around it here
but the reality of it is that social
engineering is the most effective way to
to penetrate an organization oh yeah and
and and like Google can't solve your
browser session getting hijacked
yeah
um especially I mean if you're not using
their own browser but that's that's not
an advertisement for using Chrome I've
been using Firefox lately random little
sidebar
thing and it's been okay it hasn't been
perfect but I'm happy to just not be on
Chrome so it works I still use Chrome
for work stuff and then I use Firefox
for personal stuff why are you lying to
us I wanted to join the 70% of users
firef which is now obviously truth yeah
they were never lying I was wrong I'm
sorry okay I was wrong when I used
chrome all right I'm no longer ever
wrong because I use Firefox let's talk
about let's talk about the the continued
attitude shift um over at Apple that
I've been observing now that they're
finally under some regulatory scrutiny
um okay they're adding RCS support which
I think we've talked about uh it is
currently live for iOS 18 beta 2 users
the feature can be feature can be
toggled on or off but it is on by
default allowing Android and iPhone
users to send each other highquality
media start group chats and see typing
indicators and read receipts however
Android users will still have green
bubbles I will be interested to see how
long a culture of you green bubble lasts
now that it really doesn't matter at all
unless you want to use sort of features
that I don't think anyone cares about
that are Apple exclusive what I've seen
on the internet so far is people
being better about it cool like oh this
is cool we can finally like communicate
together properly because for some
reason we still use text
messaging Apple likewise published a
white paper this week with the title of
longevity by Design where it announced
that its self-service diagnostic tool is
now available in 32 European countries
and that both its true tone color
balancing screen feature and battery
statistics will soon be available with
third-party Parts Apple likewise says
that used Apple parts will be as easy to
transfer between devices as it is to
install a new part for select devices
sometime later this year further users
will be able to order parts for most
repairs from Apple's self-service repair
program without a device serial number a
apple further stated that Beyond
repairability it is even more important
to provide durable reliable products
that won't need substantial repairs to
begin with okay hold on I don't really
see how that last bit sort of fits in
with any of this no I completely
disagree but the point is that this
small amount of progress um should not
be ignored it is good that they are
making progress but it also isn't enough
uh most of this stuff should never have
happened in the first place serial part
or serial number pairing and all of that
nonsense um and if apple is so worried I
mean I saw this image they they
published a little while back um of like
a burned up third party battery if
Apple's so worried about that there's an
easy solution Apple sell a first-party
battery at a reasonable price to anyone
who wants one yeah
whoa
whoa It's a wild I I'm without having
read through all this myself I am
extremely sus because it seems like
every time Apple does something like
this there's like weird loopholes that
make it horrible anyways and also the
longevity by Design thing just pisses me
off that drives me insane that that's
the most like double speak
BS
crap just immediately makes me angry cuz
like a lot of these problems yeah are
caused by them yes if if I just full
believe that all of this is good and
there's no loopholes and there's no
actual bad things attached to it which
is extremely questionable but if I do
believe
that there's still it's just like a
couple steps forward compared to the few
miles backwards that they've taken
making repairability so bad so like what
are you talking about you don't get to
say longevity by Design until you
actually properly Embrace that and they
haven't yet so that's that drives me
nuts but
anyways also Apple further stated that
Beyond repairability it is even more
important to provide durable reliable
products no I know that won't need
sustainable repairs to begin with shut
up what a stupid statement like yeah
it's great that you're going to make
durable stuff that won't need to be
repaired that's fantastic except stuff
is still going to break and it should be
highly repairable when it does and and
to be clear like I'll give Apple Credit
whenever they do something good the
length of time that they provide
software support for their products has
put significant pressure on their
competitors to match or try to beat it
like the reason that we are getting
pixels with what is it seven years or
eight years or something of software
updates now well maybe I promise you the
only reason Google even even entertained
the idea yeah is because of Apple we'll
see in in seven or eight years yeah
we'll see if you even want to use it in
seven or eight years I mean my note 9 is
uh going on five I guess or six five or
six and
it's it's pretty rough it's pretty have
you replaced battery it's getting pretty
bad I haven't but the batter the main
problem it's just really slow installing
apps is like painful now it takes a
really long time did it take that long
when you first started though no but
apps were
smaller I do wonder how much of this
stuff is
artificial but
it's really hard to prove so I don't
know yeah it's impossible to prove and I
I I don't know if I'm convinced I don't
think my conspiracy theory hat goes that
big well they did the battery thing for
iPhones right slow your phone down to
save the battery yes but eventually they
they backed down on that I think you are
you like it's it's transparent I don't
mind yeah I don't mind that as an option
y sure 100% I like the idea of there
being an option to save my battery by
slowing it down for sure I just don't
like it being forced anyways should we
talk about a cool thing yeah let's talk
about something cool Labs scanned a
processor Labs has used the CT scanner
to take a look inside uh of a deleted
13900 K processor Lucas did a 45-minute
scan followed by an 8 Hour scan for
additional detail though the two scans
wound up achieving similar results the
scans allow us to see the inner
structure of the Chip And the
connections through it and these are
super cool man that CT scanner is so
awesome it's so cool also you can see
the scans for different products on the
lab's
website
wow can I uh oh that's like if that was
in desktop background format that's a
thing that I would have had as a desktop
background back when I did that oh yeah
100% man it's so
sick okay that's super cool I'm
surprised that we can get this level of
detail to be honest with
you there's the Vias so neat that's
super
cool uh chip structure
slice even if I don't fully understand
what's going on hold on no no there's a
there's an alternate view where they uh
they show us exactly what we're looking
at so here we can compare and contrast
our own scan with Intel's own oh die
awesome actually yeah
buddy very gpus on the right hand side
uh hold on hold on hold on yeah okay so
here's this uh well yeah but ours is the
other way around so you can see these
pees correspond to these right yeah yeah
yeah so here's our here's our e cor
clusters one two three four in each of
them see there you
go and then uh yeah here's the igpu over
here M and then this is the the uncore
uh the part that is that is not core
your qpi links and and the like I'm
sorry I sorry I said qpi links um I
don't know if they they don't still use
qpi but that was when the term uncore
first um was popularized by Intel uh to
describe the the non- compute parts of
the
core that would be where your memory
controller would be and stuff like that
though it's it's anything that's not
computer cache such a cool look at how
complicated those things are
okay um what else do we have I feel like
we blew through a lot of the topics
today yeah um we've got some
announcements well the internet archive
lost in court okay yep all right the
internet archive loses in court
Paramount deletes two decades of web
history is this like two things combined
yeah a a district judge has ruled in
favor of a group of major book
publishers in their copyright lawsuit
against the internet archive over
whether or not the archives digital
lending program falls under Fair fair
use because the archive likes to look at
itself as a library I'm adding that in U
while the internet archive says that it
uh it plans to appeal the decision
around half a million ebooks have been
delisted from the open Library project
in the meantime if the ruling stands
this could be a devastating precedent
for many American libraries whose
digital lending programs depend on the
same interpretation of us copyright law
pioneered by the internet archive
controlled digital lending or CDL argues
that libraries should be allowed to
digitized physical books that they have
lawfully purchased and to lend out DRM
protected digital copies in direct
proportion to the physical copies that
they have in storage this is one way
that libraries skirt restrictive and
prohibitively expensive digital licenses
however the internet archives lawyers
seemed optimistic about the appeal and
is typically the and it is typically the
lower courts who make decisions about
the facts of the case while the upper
courts make decisions about the
interpretation of the law and the need
to ensure that it serves the public
interest in other notable losses of
public information access Paramount
Global has deleted several websites
including
ComEd Comedy Central they deleted comedy
Central's
website
uh that doesn't seem right
no
what no the website is still
wait hold on a second yeah keep
watching learn more you yeah no you just
yeah well
whoa watch now Paramount plus Comedy
Central yeah but it just everything just
redirects you to Paramount
Plus on Pluto TV it redirects you to
yeah this just it just redirects you
somewhere else the whole website is just
redirects now
whoa well also also that was never
available in Canada Get Wrecked uh so
they've deleted I'm going to say in
quotes because they're probably all just
redirects uh not technically deleted but
effectively deleted um Comedy Central
CMT Paramount Network TV Land MTV MTV
News uh MTV News while defunct had a
useful Archive of over two decades of
Journalism Paramount stated as part of a
broader website as part of broader
website changes across Paramount we have
introduced more streamlined versions of
our sites driving fans to Paramount plus
to watch their favorite shows Paramount
plus has the has only the two most
recent seasons of The Daily Show while
The Daily Show YouTube only goes back to
2016 so basically there's a lot of
content that's just so there's a ton of
content removal along with the site
consolidation I feel like if it was just
the site consolidation people wouldn't
mind that much
yeah this is brutal also I feel like a
sign significantly easier way to do this
is just make it so that every single one
of those websites requires a Paramount
Plus subscription yeah just has the same
login just have the same login and
payment process and just let you go to
whatever website you want and you could
have like a little thing uh like Reddit
does if you view it in a browser you
could have a little thing that's like
you know you could just access all your
content if you went to the Paramount
plus actual website but you know it is
what it is Trick Killa says I remember
when Comedy Central used to just let you
stream all the South Park episodes for
free I could be wrong about this so you
guys will have to jump in but my
understanding is that was actually down
to Trey Parker and Matt Stone's
negotiation with them I believe that
that was a requirement on their side um
for the contract so let let me know guys
that that's what I recall but
um I don't know that
100% H Wild I'm I'm seems like a strange
move I'm reminded of uh when Phil def
Franco removed all his old videos do you
remember that we talked about it on Wow
and it
just I feel less like that that feels to
me more like an individual removing
their own content yes but I guess the
reason I'm reminded is that we think of
things on the internet as having
permanence but they absolutely do not
super don't and as hosting costs
continue to grow some ways in some ways
they are still shrinking at a very Moes
Lawes rate um but in other ways are
going down we have lost an insane amount
of like web one web two type of websites
and content tons of them because forever
gone even though the costs have gone
down the ability to monetize that
content has also gone down uh you you
can't you can't monetize a simple text
page with a simple Banner ad anymore so
now that that even though the hosting
cost goes down if that ad
pays zero then eventually that page is
going to be taken down it's not
sustainable anymore and in the case of
of Phil def Franco my assumption is that
it's just because some of his old
content would have been embarrassing for
him at this point with the the image
that he's um that he's created for
himself now sure um but the reason that
I thought about it was a um this sort of
removal of all of this old media and B I
was looking for an example of like a a
cringe like dark dark times thumbnail to
to refer to back when the main YouTubers
were just basically putting giant
boobies in all their thumbnails in order
to get people to click on them because
YouTube had no systems in place to
disincentivize that behavior and I was
like oh yeah Phil de Franco used to do
that back in the day and I went looking
for it and I was like oh yeah he like
removed all those videos yeah and not
only was I not able to find anything on
YouTube I wasn't able to find any
screenshot of any of his old thumbnails
so I ended up going with um Peter Chow
instead what was that weite like picture
bucket or
something um photo bucket photo bucket
yeah photo bucket like I don't they
might still be around but uh a lot of
their old hosting is
gone like if you go through old forums
and people link to yeah so photo bucket
is still around sure but you have to
like pay for it now and stuff I think
there might have been free hosting
through uh photo bucket back in the day
and um
oh apparently he removed them because
all the content belonged to um whoever
owned his channel before it was a
stipulation of buying back the channel
that makes sense that's brutal that's
that sucks such garbage
yeah yeah photo bucket destroyed so many
Forum tutorials yeah but like I mean so
true just is what the video is or what
the what the internet is someone linked
um sorry I lost who linked it because it
was so long ago that you linked it I
apologize but someone linked PC
cables.com and this website's awesome
this is not I don't I don't know if the
cables are good or anything like I I've
known nothing about this I never used it
but uh clearly up toate and online
1996 it's very
straightforward and
easy that's like the fastest shopping
experience ever it looks like an order
form it sure does you need that's true
perect if you're just buying some cables
then
then sweet yeah yeah the pictures are
great that's what I need to know these
are the ends thank you that's it 10 out
of 10 yep like I'm assuming these are
mostly just lengths yep
sweet length price views that's
interesting either way cool s hey Funk
fpv included our magnetic Cable
Management as part of a Roundup of
magnetic organization tools he
specifically talked about how well they
work for his purposes as a mechanic and
Creator this is super cool oh dude yeah
I know this guy I've seen a bunch of his
shorts nice that's super cool here let's
have a look uh so he apparently talks
about them here you guys oh wow you got
the big one uh you guys are going to
have to you guys are going to have to go
check out the video If you want to get
his full thoughts I'm not going to oh is
he like checking oh wow this is like
detail dude yeah jump to whenever you
are done looking at that bit jump to
like 9
minutes oh man he brought out the force
meter
yeah let's see how much force Luke can
use wait what yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
no no me yeah I don't know I'm just it's
just the force don't worry about it oh I
see
nice this is awesome that's cool wow
what a detailed
[Music]
video what is he doing here that's
something else that's someone else's
product oh I
see anyway yeah cool love it guys go go
check it out I am I am amazed to see
someone spend that long talking about
magnetic Cable Management products but
that's kind of the beauty of YouTube
right like that's so cool that people
can that people can get that far into
the Weeds on something that you know
might only matter to 19,000 other people
but matters a lot really appreciate it
yeah he apparently plans to use the
extra large arches to keep his extension
cord and jumper cables in his truck in
place so they don't get buried and lost
um he found that the magnetic power bar
keys are also very useful for battery
charges for tools yes that's something
we didn't talk about at all I was
thinking Network switches routers Power
Bars but no there's all kinds of things
that have those little those little uh
Keyhole shapes on the back of them and
you can use our magnetic things to just
Mount them anywhere you want the IT team
recently moved within the office and and
somebody did a very cool solution with
the power bar on that middle dask stand
oh how it's completely removable and you
can move it around and do whatever you
need and then you can put it back where
it was and it's on top of the desk it's
nice so you have like plugs on the desk
where you would often want to use them
if you're t testing something at that
desk but then you can also just pick up
the power bar and move it somewhere else
temporarily if you need it which is nice
oh yeah love that it's cool he found
that our magnets were very strong uh
hitting about 27 lbs for the extra large
arches and 9 lb for the small arches
when pulled upward I thought it showed
kilograms uh I'm not sure maybe someone
converted
them in other news go watch this video I
want you guys to watch his video do that
uh in other news we are hosting a garage
sale next Saturday July 6th from 10:00
a.m. to 2 p.m. at the LTT Labs building
there will be 400 plus items good Lord a
variety of keyboards mice headsets
speakers and some computer components uh
LTD store.com items will not be
available for purchase you must find
street parking somewhere or take transit
or something there will not be parking
in the parking lot and it is credit and
debit only all right should we uh switch
to wo after dark yes let's do it
Dan you've got a button for it now right
I do all right hit
us set the
mood do not fly to Canada for this
garage sale it will not be worth it and
maybe find a merch message for Luke real
quick I drank this whole water bottle
one sec yeah I've got one for Luke here
somewhere I do specifically remember a
couple uh sure let's go with this one
hey LDL buying gift cards until I have
enough for a backpack Luke if you could
keep any type of bird as a pet what bird
would it be and why is it an
owl uh it'd probably still be a Budgy
the the the main downsides of budgies in
my opinion is that they're like
incredibly fragile and scared of
everything all the time um so if you get
two of them which I would recommend if
you're not full-time work from home uh
because they are they are flock animals
pack animals whatever I don't know um so
they they need they need something to
bond with and if nobody's home and
they're by themselves that's sad and and
just very sad I would say um so if
you're going to be away from home a lot
then you should get another one but if
you get another one they won't bond with
you directly as much um which will
result in it being much more difficult
for them to uh get used to like your
hands and you like they they might be
very obvious viously happier when you
are there uh happy with your presence
happy when you talk to them all of those
types of things um but they're they're
going to be more you know uh interested
in their their buddy if you have only
one and your full-time work from home uh
they'll be more interested in in landing
on your hands landing on your shoulder
doing all that type of stuff but they
they're absolutely fock animals so in my
opinion you shouldn't get one work out
of your house and not have another one
you should have two if you're not going
to to be there basically all the time
um and the the the big downside is that
they're they're so fragile they're
like on the line of dying all the time
they weigh 30 Gams they're almost
entirely like humans are mostly made of
water they're almost entirely made of
air uh pollutant in the air can take
them up really quickly they don't have
the like Mass to deal with anything long
term so it's like scary that way but oh
God they talk to him about birds big
birds have enormous slimy gross poops
and if you're gonna have a flying animal
in my opinion you should probably let it
fly around so its poop should probably
be very easy to deal with um so not a
not an owl you just want budgies pretty
much an owl someone said why not an owl
basically I don't know a ton about owls
in particular but yeah they probably
match my preferred sleep schedule better
nice uh let's see we already got that
one uh here's a here's a fun one uh
what's keeping you from moving LT to
Taiwan I know you've got this before I I
have a whole team of people who work
here honestly you have a cult of people
that work here there are we come with
there are things that I would probably
like better about it one of the major
criticism that we get is around
the sloppiness of our work sometimes so
we had we had a thread on Reddit
recently about
how um we had m.2 sizes so 2230 2260
2280 right I saw this labeled megahertz
in just a chart um it didn't really
interfere with the meaning of the video
it wouldn't have misled anyone into
purchasing the wrong product in any way
or anything like that but it could have
been confusing and it could have and it
certainly was
sloppy and one of the things that I was
thinking about as I was over in Taipei
just like walking around during computex
this year is if we had done what Luke
asked and if we had just you know been
like forget it let's just you know run
the company out of Taiwan now finding a
video editor who is a a super techie
would probably be easy
a lot easier right like there's there's
challenges that are just inherent to
scaling Beyond just people who live and
breath Tech because this might surprise
you but the person who spends their life
mastering video editing or the person
who spends their life mastering
cinematography or the person who spends
their life mastering accounting didn't
necessarily spend their life mastering
PC Hardware they might have but probably
not but they might not
have and I would say that you know one
single person can only reasonably be
expected to be deeply knowledgeable
about a a handful of subjects you know
probably somewhere between three and and
eight is is probably the most subjects
that a single person could really have
any any level of of Mastery of or
Mastery yeah um and
so I would say that in a more Tech
focused culture it might be more likely
that we would find people that have the
overlapping masteries that we happen to
need here yeah not 100% but more likely
and and so as you as you grow as a
company you hire people who have
masteries that are absolutely valuable
and and respectable but are not
necessarily PCB layout you know and and
it's been it's been a major it's been a
major growing pain for us and it's
something that you know there yeah there
might be there might be uh there might
be ways around like you know I don't
know uh yeah sure like being located in
somewhere somewhere like Taiwan where
there's just a ton of really really Tech
Centric people um with that said you
know I think that it's fair to say that
we'd probably have more spelling and
punctuation errors in our videos at that
point if we have people whose whose
Mastery whose first you language Mastery
wasn't English right so there's no
Silver Bullet for anything like
when it comes to to growing a company I
mean I think Jim Keller said it really
well when he said that you could have a
team of 10 Geniuses I'm paraphrasing a
little bit but he said you could have a
team of 10 Geniuses uh 100 above average
performers and by the time you get to a
th people
just it's like a law of the universe
that everyone's going to be like kind of
mediocre um and and I think that that's
just something that we've kind of come
up against and that you it's really easy
to build a team uh that that's all just
like hyperfocused on one thing and it's
really hard to develop a broader set of
capabilities as a company while
maintaining that hyper Focus because of
course you can't because all those
people know and do other things right
yeah
um I forget what the question
was what's stopping you from moving to
Taiwan oh yeah um yeah our team is here
uh For Better or For Worse I am I am
probably I am probably too we're too
established now
yeah and originally it was family now
it's probably family and we're too
establish now I probably worry too much
about that sort of thing though a lot of
companies just move if there's like a
tax advantage um I I don't really like
to disrupt people's lives um we've we've
been looking at other at Luke there's
not enough money in it for the
shareholders it's not all just you let's
do it the shareholders would save money
Dan the shareh are inredible amounts of
money yeah it it definitely isn't to do
with
that it's not enough money I also have
family here um a lot of the team has
family here we're we're pretty rooted at
this point and if we were going to move
we'd go to Seattle Washington you know
I've talked about this or Seattle
Washington we'd go to Vancouver
Washington we've already talked about
this that is quite the move oh that's
like to be clear I don't mean as in it's
far it's just like that's a very
tactical move oh yeah
Vancouver Washington would be a sick
place to Y Vancouver Washington no no
state income tax and uh you crossb shop
in Oregon where there's no sales tax and
you're right next to Seattle which is
like a huge Tech Hub yeah you have you
have quick access to the Seattle
Convention Center if you were trying to
run a convention and you know wanted the
country or province that you're in or in
this case state to support you in any
way what so shape or form uh that would
have been really cool
um yeah I don't know seems like place
yes Washington also has a Vancouver it
turns out that that particular dead
white guy hung around like the whole
Pacific
Northwest imagine imagine that you know
being like you know that influential
that you have a city in like two
separate countries named after
you
goals hey D
my my 8-year-old
son what's what's we call what we
colonize like Mars it's just all these
cities called this one's called Dan and
then we we drive for an hour and I'm
going to call this one Dan too I'm going
to Dan which Dan the one with is no
sales
tax let's be real every Dan would have
no tax that's true yeah that's that's
why everybody likes living in the Dan
dude uh yeah okay let's see hey dll my
8-year-old son has been playing first
person shooter games and likes to One V
One One V one me I don't go easy on him
uh to teach him and set expectations of
the real world what is your opinion on
this do you go easy on your
kids I would never go easy on my kids I
have strong opinions on this I would I
would I would maybe let them make it
interesting but I would never allow them
to win if that makes
sense I wouldn't even but I think you
could put like artificial limitations on
yourself uh is this like Mario Kart
again basically yeah crushing that
little girl yeah good life lesson you
know what I've changed my sense I don't
feel bad anymore good Get Wrecked no I
skill issue um because it wasn't like I
don't know I don't know that person so
there's no value of it to me but one you
got to prepare yourself cuz eventually
they're going to
win and you have to be ready for that
that's an important part of this whole
whole process oh yeah my son's legit
beat me at games at this point yeah yeah
like and like I I would also heavily
encourage you to play co-op as
well you're not just against each other
right but so like the one V ones should
be like motivating to get better
basically and then the co-op should be
like yo we're on the same team like and
I and to be clear maybe I just care less
about video games but uh in badminton
with my son I'm approaching this as like
I won't let him have a point he didn't
earn yeah yeah not one I'm not I'm not
necessarily pushing this just as video
games I'm like any form of competition I
guess yeah I think the last time I
played him he got like five points yeah
and like I don't care those are five
next time earned points okay you don't
have to be that way no you do strive for
improvement life is a competition get
good you don't just have to get better
you have to get better RAR than the rate
at which I'm getting better otherwise
you're not really better honestly you
playing at a high level important where
you are don't hit the player hit the
game playing at a high levela love
badminton I want to play with you my
boy you being at a high level playing
against your kid would probably get them
up to your level even more yeah right
yeah and if you go easy on them you're
not helping yeah if you want them to be
good you need to not do that you can
also help and do coaching and stuff as
well though well of course I want him to
be better I'm not I'm just not going to
let him oh okay yeah I'm just not going
to let him think that he's any better
than he is
bet he doesn't use artificially infl
that can also actually be really bad it
can it can really Nerf like the it's the
whole like gifted kid thing where like
if everyone tells you that you're really
good at everything um it makes it really
hard to
establish
uh like good study habits it makes it
hard to establish like really trying at
something before you internalize how
good you are at it like if you it makes
it so that when they grow up if they try
something once and they're not amazing
at it then they're going to be super
demotivated and not want to do it
instead of someone who's going to like
actually pour effort into something
before evaluating which is super
important
okay hey D I love the show uh sorry that
one moved hi when. dll watch The Minis
Forum V3 unbox seem like the tablet I
always dreamed for a quick question
though can I use the keyboard with other
devices so I can use it as a KVM on a
server
rack oh that one oh I don't remember I
thought didn't it use the didn't it have
a proprietary
interface I feel like this question
could be answered in the video
um but yeah I don't see any Bluetooth
yeah no no no no no I don't see any
Bluetooth pairing anything on here and
that's that's a little Pogo Pogo pin
thing it does not appear to work I'm
just going based on what I can see here
because that also looks like an airplane
mode button right there
so your guess is as good as mine right
now I have not tried
that what experiment would you conduct
if you had your own Fallout
vault okay so I never played Fallout so
I'm relying on Luke here you haven't
played any dude do you know the concept
before I didn't play games for a whole
period of time one is from what Fallout
1 2 and three are all from before that
period of time wait when did Fallout 1
come out Fallout 1 is quite old 1997
yeah like what are you talking about oh
well in 1997 I had a Pentium 1 90 MHz no
166 mahz
processor okay Fallout two when did
Fallout two come
out uh 1998 okay I still had a Pentium
166 MHz I really hoping it was going to
be later than that and then Fallout
three
okay that that was like my first year un
2008 yeah I was in
school so I wasted my time in Counter
Strike okay yeah I was going to say we
all know yeah no I was gaming at that
point but I didn't get into Fallout okay
uh well all the Fallout vaults have like
generally horrendous experiments ran in
them um I'm assuming they're not
suggesting that we run a horrendous
experiment so the idea would be that
there's a vault so a sealed
location um
where there's a bunch of people you're
can to have multiple generations of them
and you want to like change something to
see how it affects the
people are we talking about
Eugenics you could try that if you want
it there's a whole bunch of uh really
really messed up ones that are actually
horrifying yeah there's really terrible
ones I think somebody did like one woman
99 men one man 99 women uh there was one
that it was like a live kodo Dragon um
they had an incredible store of say
weapons uh there's mind altering drugs
what if we just irradiated everybody all
the time uh one of my favor be ones
where they they really really really
limit certain supplies every year you
have to kill another Vault dweller
otherwise they'll kill the entire
Colony um I you don't have to you don't
have to do horrendous things I don't
like any of this it could be a good one
okay sure so in My Vault um it would
continuously play Friday by Rebecca
Black
forever oh you so you're just going
straight to psychological torture you
should like get rid of any reference to
any days of the week except for Friday
and just make them number the Friday so
it's like Friday 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 and you got to get down Friday one
comes after Friday 7even he's coming
around they would form a religion what
is this mythical Saturday
Saturday was coming for all of us for
salvation at the end of The Vault
Saturday will open the door and we will
all be birthed into the real world the
like the like underground Rebellion
religion person yeah the it's prise be
to
cereal you must have to have a full bowl
is to have a full
Soul oh my are you sure you didn't run a
cult at some point uh you're too good at
this I don't have practice
uh all yeah do we need a t-shirt for
that to have a full bowl is to have a
full soul and just a picture of a bowl
of cereal I'm sure Sarah would do it
yeah probably if we let her make the
cereal little little Dino uh like little
Dino o yeah you got her on board now she
would do it she would 100% do it love
that man I have wanted to do this visual
gag forever we still haven't done it um
just like I we haven't had an
opportunity to like dish out a giant a
giant L but I want to do like a like a
photoshopped bowl of cereal and they're
all L's and they're cheery L's and just
like take your cheery L's like here's a
here's a here's a bowl of cheeri L's I
don't know it just popped into my head
at some point you should do it over the
uh USB naming
conventions that's not bad
more I could wait for you know some
streamer
downfall I gu said missed my most recent
opportunity it have to be a lowercase
L Sor I do the next one get me out of
here D
sure hey D I love the show as you
recently mentioned giving the iPhone a
try would be interested uh in a video
for that if you make the switch would
you iron unironically wear the Apple
watch again um Apple watch is super cool
I don't need any of the health tracking
stuff I don't really care about any of
that so that's uh a
major a major drawback or not a drawback
I just don't really care I I get in and
out of the habit of wearing watches I'm
just kind of out of it right now I tried
this OnePlus One recently and it was
fine I guess I just then I forgot to put
it on one day and then I just
stopped um I don't know yeah I guess I
I'd consider trying it but I also just
don't it was not something that occurred
to me when I was like oh yeah I'm going
to have to go back to the iPhone I'm
going to get Apple watch I don't I don't
really care also I'm apparently not
going back to the iPhone yet because I
forgot that we had I had committed to
someone to do this experiment but I've
been criticized for my takes on various
phones a lot of times because some of
the things that I'll criticize are just
stock Android things um and because I'm
so used to Samsung so people are like
you're not really an Android guy you're
a Samsung guy and I'm like okay I mean
yeah maybe that's true so internally we
talked about this and the next phone
that I'll be using is actually a pixel
8 unlocked running AOSP oh and the
title's going to be do I just plain hate
Android oo I like that yeah so that's my
next phone and it turns out so far I
really do it's kind of a piece of
um the modifications that the oems used
to make back in the day made everything
worse and now I think it's pretty clear
that AOSP has not kept
up no there's there's a I think we
talked about this maybe even last week
I'm not in the market for a new phone
right now my phone is way too new for me
to be in the market for a new phone next
time it comes round it's probably going
to be Xperia versus iPhone the stuff
iPhone has been doing is killer the the
ability to shoot in
log is really cool like actually very
very cool and then just don't give it to
your clients if
they being able to move well I mean if
it's not in the original contract then
screw that I mean that is true yeah I
have never argued that point yeah yep
yep um but yeah being able to move the
icon I know it probably shouldn't matter
that much but it matters to me a lot
also it's really weird to me I the the
neighbor's computer that I was fixing
the printer on yesterday uh it's a Mac
Mini I said this earlier in the show uh
it's a Mac Mini the icons are all
like they don't have the best desktop
organization the icons are like stacked
on top of each other and like partially
off the screen and all this kind like
they let you do that on desktop but then
you can't you previously weren't even
able to move them around at all on your
phone like what I know the the disc the
fact that there's there's they just kind
of go wherever on the desktop is so
weird I know so
weird anyway so far it's terrible um I
had a I had a an event for one of my
children and I wanted to take some
pictures at it and I was like oh right
I've got that pixel I'm going to I'm
going to use the pixel instead of my
ancient note 9 and I opened up the
camera app I was like what is this it's
the worst thing I've ever seen so is
that that's not the same one that I have
though is it no because I'm running AOSP
yeah but like it's bad no no the pixel
camera app is speciic I'm wondering
like you will be amazed I still don't
know if this is conclusive on Android
though you will be amazed how bad it is
no because but but that's the question
is do I actually like Android or do I
like one
UI h ah
and and if my criticisms of these things
whether it's on a fair phone or it's on
some other random phone are my
criticisms of these things are they
really any less valid if it's part of
stock Android If part of the job of a
phone manufacturer these days is
building a version of Android that
doesn't suck donkey
balls so I'll make my argument in the
video it's going to be great it's going
to be exciting no bleep on that one what
donkey balls yeah I don't know you don't
bleep donkey balls I wouldn't bleep
donkey dingdong either huh there's
nothing wrong with that that's fair how
about penis okay you don't bleep penis
it's a medical term I think some people
would I wouldn't that's stupid cuz I
agree with you I mean cocking balls I
might have you ever played the penis
game the penis game do you know that
game so one person like Whispers it to
the other person and then the game is
that the other person has to say it
louder and then you just loop back and
forth until you like get in trouble cuz
someone's
yelling you're in the middle of the mall
just screaming it see this is do you
know about it yeah okay I'm not crazy
I'm very happy but thank you Dan you do
it you do it in public you do it in
school it's it's it starts usually in
like middle school high school yeah yeah
lunchroom kind of yeah childish games
yes by Middle School I was um more
cultured and sophisticated than that I
was not I wasn't that was a lie that was
a
lie oh man hilarious
okay okay yeah let's see what else
purchasing a house soon anything you'd
recommend doing with all the drywall and
flooring off other than conduit that's a
must I mean you're already aced here if
you're putting in conduit that's smart
because putting in conduit is like
putting in
everything it's just unlimited future
success for you conduit is awesome dude
I had to rerun a display port cable to
one of the PCS in the land room
downstairs and it sucked it took like an
hour but you could do it and if I had
had to do it without conduit wasn't
contractors I would have had to rip off
drywall and like oh it would have been a
nightmare it was awesome yeah yeah
conduit do it yeah nothing else matters
I was just going to say I don't have any
other notes just do that um no no no
hold on hold on so one thing I would do
is if you've got really old thermostats
for example I would make sure that you
have a decent number of conductors
running to your thermostat sites um some
of the newer thermostats require like
her five conductors six cond I I don't
even know but more than more than two
like our house just had two conductor
like Mercury tilt
thermostats um so that's one to watch
out for in seiling and in wall speakers
now is a good time to do it if you've
got the drywall off people are also
saying acoustic paneling and
soundproofing um yeah yeah is that a
little bit more external to the wall
though putting in better insulation a
bit Yeah putting in better instulation
it it actually doesn't
cost much more than the more basic stuff
so that can be really worthwhile
especially for like you know the main
bedroom for
example I almost just yelled out
penis
okay it went along with the theme it
would have been playing the game it
would have been a demonstration of what
I was talking about earlier it might
have worked but then I don't know if
anyone else is still here I don't think
she's ever said
that that would be a weird relationship
yeah just pointing I mean maybe maybe
the first time if it was a
surprise yes yes honey I
know oh my
goodness oh man okay oh I want to make a
joke so bad I'm I'm not going oh okay
moving on uh let's see W.D have you ever
have you guys ever thought about putting
the ABCs of gaming in libraries or do I
need to buy another copy and donate it
to my local
library I'll tell you what any library
that contacts us that wants a copy I'll
send
to based like I I don't know sure I they
can only have so many books though like
do people really put board books in
libraries I have no idea probably sure
libraries are quite uh wide reaching
they kind of want to be there for
everybody yeah for
sure super down just if you work at a
library you know someone who works at a
library just you send an email just
requisition it no problem um maybe in
the email include this time stamp
because our team probably has no idea
that I said this there's a thread on r/
libraries from a year ago talking about
organizing board
books so apparently they've got
some cool you just you can just do it as
a as an ebook that'd be
fine for lonus you recently committed to
using big screen Beyond VR how are you
feeling about that and would you
recommend for longtime VR
users the non-self contained of it kind
of sucks I think they have a new
headphone strap but I don't think I've
seen it if they've sent it to us I
haven't seen it yet so I still need to
try that it's really cool but my new
thing that I've been trying to try
recently is that wireless adapter for
the valve
index I've spent so far a grand total of
about three and a half hours trying to
get it to
work which is a bad
sign um I've seen a lot of complaints
about the device but I was sort of
determined to try to do it myself and
then I was I signed up for one of their
they actually have a signup sheet on
their website for um like a technical
support session so I signed up for one
but then my sister passed away and I was
dealing with that instead of uh dealing
with setting up that wireless no no noio
noo whatever it is that's what it's
called um and so I haven't dealt with it
but that's my new VR thing that I'm
supposedly working on right
now sorry I closed the tab instead of
switching to it uh competent uh hey Dan
Luke and the short one have you guys
heard about the cdk hack I'm an
automotive technician and it has uh in
quotes put it put us back to the Stone
Age and we have to write everything down
yeah so cdk Global is a company that
makes software for auto dealerships as
far as my understanding goes uh and
there's been like ransomware attacks
going off on them like crazy
um and yeah I mean I don't know a ton
about it uh as I often say with like
hacker content there's a bunch of
creators out there actually quite a few
that cover this stuff really well so I
would recommend going and and checking
one of them but it's really interesting
it's been incredibly disruptive to that
industry I'm not I I think him saying by
like it's put us back an incredible
amount we're writing things down that
does not sound like a fabrication from
what I've heard as far as I know a lot
of dealerships are going back to
like very old school methods to try to
make sure that they can actually keep
functioning as a business um um so yeah
it's been pretty intense a lot of people
are asking no it wasn't Bella who was
featured in the video it was my older
sister um she was by far the one that I
have been closest to as an adult and it
has blown chunks um
yes okay let's see one of the last ones
I've got here hi LL and D I currently
Fly for a commercial airline in the
states and the CRT screens are starting
to become problematic as they dim
but replacing them for LCDs isn't easy
any similar examples in
tech oh man where you can't really
retrofit the new one
because the form factor SL power
delivery just is is so far off um I mean
I I'd say one interesting example in
Tech was when we moved from like token
ring um and all the old like coaxial
cable just didn't work and you basically
had to rip all the cabling out of
buildings in order to to support new
networking technology like that was a
that was a big deal like no one talks
about it anymore because we're able to
use all the way back to what like cat
three don't don't quote me on this
what's the what's the oldest still
usable
category um cable these
days uh which ones have which ones have
four pairs or
um at least two pairs I think is what
you have to have oh this this makes more
sense to me honestly uh papaka no cat
four was token ring hold on cat no you
had yeah capat five oh no hold on people
say hold on no no no I'm on I'm on
Eaton's site right now cap 5 introduced
in 1995 up to 100 proba IBM token ring
networks I thought token ring was
coax I didn't know cat three had four
Twisted
pairs I think token ring is just a
concept right cuz I know a token ring
done with coax but maybe you could also
do it with yeah I didn't I didn't know
that remember redoing it was a big deal
but I wasn't a part of it so I don't
know a lot about it I didn't know of uh
token ring networks being done on
category cable but token ring had two
types of cable saying we that makes
sense to me it's before my time like I
wasn't really I just know that the whole
was a big deal so Category 3 is as far
back as you'd have to go to
still like have it be
usable
um with an RJ45 termination I
guess
weird like a backwards compatibility
maybe interesting super cool token ring
was big with coax but it never required
it got it okay so there you go anyway
that was that was a big deal because you
basically had to rip out you had to like
gut all the networking infrastructure
and these buildings in order to in order
to bring them up to speed people are
saying contradictor things now I I don't
know I know at least one large
institution around where I grew up that
had coax token ring stuff if I remember
correctly and there was a really big
deal to
replace but I don't know I also might be
remembering it properly this is very
very much before my time and trying to
think if there was like if there's
something else like that like uh in any
situation where you'd have like uh like
a proprietary keyboard or something like
that that used PS2 like you can use USB
to PS2 adapters but they're not always
100% especially if you have like a
random weirdo keyboard oh I lost it but
somebody in the chat said uh the biggest
problem is getting them approved for
that like airplane PCI retrofitting
anything on an airplane is kind of a
problem anything where like a license is
tied to like a PCI card or something
like that like getting a new machine
that that card Works in can be really
challenging although that's like more
down to drivers than the actual physical
compatibility I don't know there's lots
of there's lots of situations
where yeah poo do poo Daka certification
is a major uh certification is Major no
it has to be certified for flight in the
craft and that is the main issue oh
okay that makes more sense to me to be
honest and like paying to have it certif
it's like what so you can sell a few
hundred units like yeah who's going to
want to do that
yeah rough last one I got for you I
haven't seen much coverage of this or
talk online but anyone think the whole
Snapdragon Microsoft thing might be part
of their strategy for launching an Xbox
handheld device
no interesting idea but yeah I don't
think so no I think this is part of
their strategy for competing better in
laptops right now and anything that
happens in the
future it's like very common perception
across the industry that Windows laptop
searches worse
yep and this is a this is a really
really important um perception for
Microsoft right now to try to address
yeah and you know it's important for me
to say hey thanks for tuning in to the W
show we'll see you guys again next week
same bad time same bad Channel bye
[Music]
are mik still alive